 interesting
 what a start! this was a good, well made episode. elliot is portrayed very well by rami malek, and he genuinely seems insane in this episode. the plot is very interesting. i will definitely keep on watching this; it reminds me a lot of sherlock on bbc.good acting, plot, characters, and direction. overall, i enjoyed eps1.0_hellofriend.mov, but i don't think this is worthy of a 9.4/10 rating. i like the conspiracy part and the f society guy (whoever he is,) and i will 100% keep watching this show. i don't have that much to say other than i liked it. 7/10 eps1.0_hellofriend.mov
 mr robot delivers a strong opening episode to keep you intrigued.rami malek delivers a boggled eyed portrait of elliot alderson . clever but an introverted neurotic loner who does not like to touch and interact with others.eliot describes himself as just a tech working for allsafe security. however his evenings are spent prowling and hacking to expose wrongdoers on the cyber-web. he is a robin hood of sorts. the opening scene sees him confront a coffee chain store owner who has a stash of underage porn. elliot cannot be bought by money.elliot comes across a mysterious man on the subway. he is approached by him again after elliot has been up all night dealing with a big corporate client of his employer whose servers have been hacked. they are e corp or as he likes to call them evil corp.the mysterious man is mr robot (christian slater) who he meets in an abandoned arcade in coney island. mr robot wants to redistribute wealth by wiping out the debt owed by people by launching a massive attack on e corp and deleting the debts files.it all chimes with the world view that elliot has the corporations are evil. steve jobs made billions on the back of child labour as he states in his opening monologue.although a story about a digital revolution might not be original. elliot is in his complicated drug addled way has enough heart to keep you interested. the opening episode is unfussy, elliot is an expert at his cyber-security job. the corporate bad guys are jerks. most men are philanderers. christian slater is too shady to trust. a ddos attack on critical thinking writ large.
 this show is incredibly confused and contradictory. they attribute the tyranny of governments to corporations, imply that providing goods and services that are useful and helpful to people is inherently evil and that respecting peoples property rights and honoring your contracts (the definition of just, fair, and equitable markets) needs to be destroyed. what? i don't think the writers of this show have studied one iota of logic, economics, ethics, or history. the whole premise of the show seems to be based on some insanely narcissistic, bigoted idea that anyone who excels at something doesn't deserve the rewards but those who did nothing do!? that is insane. this is supposed to be entertaining? this is pure propaganda. we'll see where it goes
 i liked it. solid cinematography, good acting, great music, etc. i like the uneasy atmosphere they established here, but nothing super amazing yet. will you fight?
 the second episode of "mr. robot" is not as amazing as the first, and the flaws are more clearly seen, but is an enough good episode. we repeat the same mistakes as in the first episode: way too "smart" people that seem to live above everyone else. sadly, it all becomes a little bit repetitive, as the story barely advances. mr. robot does an "offer you can't refuse" to elliot and that's basically everything that happens. the cliffhanger from the pilot is dealt in a very childish way (let's come here, elliot, i'm going to talk to you in private and show you a whole new world...). that elliot seems to be able to say "no" to all the offers he is getting is the best part of all.the other part of the episode, the "lonely vigilante", is quite lame. that elliot is a great hacker seems obvious. but all the story and how is dealt with reeks of laziness. a "sherlock hacker" deserves better. second episodes are never the best
 after a fantastic pilot, we have a slower episode, and i think it is way too slow... i usually like slow series, like breaking bad or six feet under, but this episode is frustrating, because it doesn't add anything new to the story.nevertheless, angela's story is the most captivating here. this cd mysterious man should probably have a bigger role in the future, and it is a reminder of the dangers of being hacked and spied by other people.what i hope for the next episodes is more information about tyrell, and a development in the relationship between elliot and mr. robot, after this cliffhanger, that, unfortunately, was poorly executed. more of a slow burn type of episode, but leaves you hungry for more nonetheless.
 this episode was packed with character development. tyrell took center stage for the first time. we get a very interesting glimpse into his life. everything seems to be about power for him.rami malek continues to kill it as elliot. in this episode, he tries to lead a normal life. this led to some of the series' funniest moments so far. the soundtrack when he lists the things that make a normal life was absolutely brilliant, and really added to the hilarity. it was also a really clever moment when sheila interrupted his inner monologue. up until now, she has been a nothing character, not particularly deep or developed. in this one, we see a bit of who she is, and why she's perfect for elliot.but the highlight of this episode is christian slater as mr. robot. he steals every scene he's in. he really feels like he could end up being the hero or the villain. only time will tell. his actions lead to a shocking reveal late in the episode. second account, fake profile
 just as the series portrays the theme of false visage of modern society, this episode is mainly tailored for the antagonist tyrell (martin wallström), who is exceptionally manipulative to a fault. he uses others in such pathologically deceptive and abusive way, it's almost creepily horrible as though he plays in a horror thriller yet you can't look away.martin wallstrom is a different kind of villain, for a protagonist as peculiar as elliot, it's fitting to have equally, or more bizarre adversary. there's a vivid conviction in his actions while elliot himself currently weighs on his life decisions. rami malek delivers the consistent performance of slightly antisocial genius, but he's now trying to fit into social norm.it's strangely playful, a tad liberating in the contradicting fallacy to see elliot mingles with his peers and boss. the episode also brings more depth to side characters as it delves further into personal territory. christian slater as mr. robot, despite being titular character is playing a magnetic side character.that doesn't mean he's any less than the leads. on contrary, being in just enough portion of scenes makes his persona more intriguing while keeping the mysterious vibe intact. for most part, the show has given contrasting light for its visual. i enjoy the subtle change tone according to the mood playing at the moment, elliot is given more lighter tone in his scenes while tyrell is mostly covered in darkness this time around.there's a balanced pace at work here, it divvies the spotlight just in healthy dose between characters as it keeps the main plot operating smoothly. a distinct drop in quality from the previous episodes.
 the first two episodes of mr. robot are absolutely incredible. with rami malek and christian slater's great performances, the unique direction, and the thought-provoking commentary on society; i was thinking that this show was simply too good to be true. this episode makes me think i was partially right.now don't get me wrong; this episode was still good in many ways. rami malek and christian slater are still very strong performance-wise; as are basically every other actor except maybe portia doubleday as angela. i got no emotion from her in a scene where there should have been quite a lot. the direction was also just as, if not stronger, than the last two episodes.however, the thing that really made this episode not work for me was the focus on other characters besides elliot. the previous episodes really thrived on you seeing the world through elliot's eyes, but this one decided to have entire story lines that had absolutely nothing to do with that narrative. if you're reading this review you are probably arguing that this was just character development. i'm fine with there being character development, but the way they did this, with tyrell especially, just bored me. i feel like there are other ways to show you what's going on behind the scenes. i'm not specifically suggesting anything, i'm just saying that they could have done it better. you had a connection to elliot as a viewer in the first two episodes, but that connection was lost in this one. however that does not mean that this still isn't very good television and that i won't continue watching the rest of this series. i give season one, episode three of mr robot a six out of ten. the episode is good but it's be slower than that before it
 i have one problem why would they put this kind of sex it's disgusting and crazy who did this i dont know who likes this give me a break
 this episode sucked. so much promise to this unique show but unfortunately the writing is lazy and the characters two-dimensional. tyrell pays money to a homeless guy to use him as a punching bag since he had a rough day at work -- yeah, okay, i guess that's what your typical capitalist does in his spare time too. not to mention his wife, who (big surprise!) is in to bdsm. i mean, aren't all desperate housewives? i really love when so-called feminist male writers can't help but paint female characters as being into bdsm. i see this waaay too much on tv these days. also, this is small but hey, details count -- christian slater's character really chooses to drink an appletini at the bar? oook, my intrigue for that character just went down. those are what 21-year olds fresh out of college drink. too early for character-specific metaphors
 hallucination-based episodes are commonplace in modern dramas and they almost always help develop character subtext and are filled with easter eggs that are elaborated-upon in later episodes. placing one of these stories only four episodes in, however naturally brought on by elliot's morphine withdrawals, seems rushed and leads to confusion. we don't know elliot, mr. robot, shayla, or angela enough to feel the imagery's potency. even though mr. robot and elliot have a bonding moment, this episode would've better been suited at least a season in the future. where will you be when the withdrawal strikes?
 this must be the most trippy episode in the season, if not in recent tv series so far. it's a mixed bag of impressive pacing and awkward presentation. the plan to physically hack stone mountain is progressing in highly fast pace, but elliot suffers from personal bump as his addiction finally takes a toll on his mind and body.the first half is superbly made, the build-up for heist aspect is interesting. it's certainly complex, yet the narration is clear enough for the viewer to understand and invest on. shortly after, the merry band of hackers split into groups as evil corp deploys more security measure that has to be breached simultaneously.elliot is on the venturing group, but this is far from a happy road trip. along the way he undergoes severe withdrawal effects, which ultimately leads him into old habits and extremely vague hallucination. the show spends a lot of time on this vivid imagination, down to talking fish and such.it has good one continuous shot and presumably a few metaphors, but this dreamy sequence is unfortunately too unclear, or it tries to be too meta for its own good. furthermore, it drags on for quite a bit as well as borderline creepy philosophy. it's simply an odd spectacle. for the other group, their subplot isn't really flushed out. the role they are given is pretty crucial, however there's lack of clarity on their scene, which perhaps is stored for later episode.i appreciate the good cinematography for the continuous shot or the outdoor visual, and the episode does buildup tension. however, half of it is incredibly fuzzy. mr. robot tends to give such enigmatic narrative, yet it's always accessible. this time, it's a tad too vague to be relatable for casual viewing. still a good episode despite some confusing and pointless hallucination sequences.
 the reaction for this episode was generally mixed to negative, but i think it is better than people are saying. yes, there are a pretty good amount of hallucination sequences, but i think they work for the most part. i say "for the most part," because there is a weird sequence involving angela and elliot that didn't make sense to the story and i thought was generally pointless. however all of the others were either poignant, relevant, or just entertaining to watch.if that was the only problem i may have given it a nine, but sadly it was not. there was a really big event that was hinted at throughout the episode that ended up never happening. instead it was replaced by the hallucination sequences, which kind of made me mad because i felt like the show accomplished nothing.however, unlike the last episode, they actually did the character development thing right this time. i got a sense of who these people are without them beating me across the face with it. the consistent strong performances of the ensemble cast help with this, along with amazing direction. mr. robot has the best direction of a show since fargo. overall this episode is good, but i am looking forward to an increase in quality in the next couple ones.i give season one, episode four of mr. robot a seven out of ten. couldn't wait for it to end
 sure, this episode was a departure from "normal" television, one hallucination after another, but it was also unpleasant to watch. maybe i am no that curious about morphine withdrawal, maybe i simply enjoy a story that builds on itself. all i know is i kept pausing it to check how much longer i had to endure this mess, all the while deciding whether or not to quit watching the show altogether. i really wonder where all the buzz regarding this show comes from. is there a small army of usa network employees paid by the review to hype this mess? there are so many other better shows yet this one reigns in 9+ ratings? there may be a real evil corp, all those people behind the great reviews conspiring to waste our time watching this horrible excuse for entertainment. episode one was promising - episode four is crap!
 i watched season 1, episode 1 and thought "hey, this is pretty good." elliot was an interesting lead character, a neurotic computer programmer with a drug problem. he is also a hacker tackling cyber criminals from individual sex offenders up to world corporations run by the elite few. it also tapped into the disaffection with modern day life, false heroes, politicians, and technology out of control. 'fuck society' was our anti-hero's mantra. three episodes later. each got progressively worse. episode 4 was a pile of crap. few of the support characters are believable. the hacker group elliot joined dedicated to freeing the world are boring and predictable. the most predictable thing was the politically correct casting, a black one, a hot one, a muslim one, a fat geeky one, and a hollywood "star" christian slater). the main plot has become more and more ludicrous. to spice it up we have lots more drugs, some straight sex, some gay sex, an unexpected lesbian kiss and gratuitous violence in the shape of paying a tramp to beat him up. also the worse cold turkey sequence i've ever seen. after a really promising first episode i felt let down. i will not be watching any more mr robot. skip this one.
 it is a must skip. just don't watch it, this ep doesn't matter good but slipping
 mr. robot started out great but with this episode it turned into just another episode of "cops and guns." there are simply too many tv shows with the same theme. in my opinion it's a crutch for lazy writers. this has turned into a real hack writing job. too many sub plots and too much character development-it's beginning to read like a soap opera. i realize this is a series and they have to stretch the plot, but this was a bit much. latinos and blacks in the same drug dealing gang, in a show based on hackers? come on, guys. now it's been renewed for a second season. this has strayed too far from the original premise. evil corporation will never be hacked at this rate. unrealistic behavior for so called masterminds
 spoiler !!!many scenes in this episode don't make sense at all. first, when they hold eliot at gunpoint in a car parked in front of a police station : i wouldn't recommend that if you expect to live another day ! same goes for the final jailbreak scene which makes even less sense : they take their sweet time after the break-out even after shooting the gun. didn't the writers think that the nearby guards should have been alerted by all this commotion ?even eliot that hangs around for a long time just outside of the prison for no apparent reason in the middle of the night, should have been more than suspicious for the guards swarming the perimeter after the evasion. but, no. nothing happens !nobody can be this dumb and find this poor writing believable./spoiler terrible. don't think i'll continue watching after this.
 i have been getting sick of the poorly thought-out story lines of this show but this episode is the nail in the coffin. i don't think i'll bother watching any more.you're sent on a wild goose chase for most of the episode, where elliot makes seemingly makes every effort to stay ahead of the game, but in the end you find out that he hasn't even bothered to check if she's safe and well or not.it just doesn't make sense. the ending is pointless sensationalism. i get the feeling that this show appeals to people who think it's a lot cleverer than it is. worst possible direction.
 this is a show i loved from the get go. a highly intelligent socially awkward sociopath, yes please. but it couldn't stop at sociopath now, could it!the show gets out of its way to introduce you to mr. robot which was a cool character that i wanted to know more about, but not like this.i felt that in the last two episodes sam esmail just decided come up with the most shocking twist but that was after he wrote the first 7 episodes. i wouldn't mind the twist if it made sense. but it does not at all!the writer took inspiration from fight club but he didn't watch that movie i think. that movie adds up. when you watch it again, it makes sense. here, however, it does not. no one is that crazy and smart as the same time to imagine a father having a conversation with a sister that he doesn't know she's his daughter because he forgot she's his sister and they have a conversation together the 3 of them and the rest of the fsociety at one point, at another, he's inside a building while still in van giving instructions to himself and the group on both ends. are you following? thought so. this is truly the most disappointing twist i've seen in a long time. it reminded me of m. night shaymalan descending into garbage halfway through the village somehow. know it
 i'm watching this for the first time with my gif and the strange thing is like o always tell to her since the second episode all the twist happened here that's fruit of to much movies and series aftermath of the unknown, puzzling but still captivating.
 the finale encapsulates the good and bad from the first season. it's brimming with social commentaries, often harsh but identifiable, but also plagued by the trippy obscure part. there's a timeline gap on the narrative, something resembling a mental episode elliot might have, and also feels like an actual missing episode from the series. its celebration is infectious, the visual and screenplay are polished, yet they partially serve as cliffhanger for next season.it opens with a chaotic scene, hinting that the hack was successful. the problem is we as audience don't know exactly what happened, it's immersive not in expected way. this hectic monetary downfall goes on as the show changes perspectives smoothly. it resumes into darlene's gleeful reaction and angela's gradual involvement with evil corp before visiting elliot as he retraces his steps for the conclusion.while it presents a good angle on evil corp with a couple of good twists, but unfortunately there are many unsolved riddles. the whereabouts of tyrell is strictly a secret, which seems like a missed opportunity to close the season with one of its more powerful character.the show rehearses the strange vague illusion towards the end, yet it's strangely not that alienating as before. the celebration and how characters come together as a part of something greater than themselves, midst of the bright light and loud noise, somehow resonate in deeper fashion than most series could even attempt.it knows how to draw attention and invoke sympathy from audience, ironically just like the modern pop culture or social media it referenced on. this also means that the show uses it as hook for next season, although this doesn't take away the overall quality of one of the most interesting series in recent time. i do hope it will culminate satisfyingly somewhere along the road instead of dragging it further for many prolonged seasons. good, but underwhelming finish
 fortunately i have the benefit of being able to go straight onto season 2 but this ending felt rushed, after 9 episodes building up to hack of evil corp's financial data, played out in one dysfunctional episode.the show and writing remain excellent, but all the unanswered questions leaves a large sense of dissatisfaction.but i will be back for s2.... and i guess that was the aim. a bold start to a promising season
 this is only a review of part one. i will do part two separately.mr. robot is back, and right from the first couple of scenes it proves to be just as out there and cinematically daring as the first season. this first part of the premiere episode mostly consists of checking back in with the characters, setting up places for them to go. it does a fine job.now that the identity of mr. robot has been revealed and elliot is near total insanity, the episode (and this season) does face the risk of becoming overly abstract and/or incomprehensible. there were certainly times when the episode toed the line a little, but nothing was impossible to follow. indeed, the constant doubt as to what is real keeps one on the edge of one's seat. so long as the season maintains the delicate balance that this episode established, it will be fantastic.i love the little details that esmail puts into the world. for example, mr. robot is seen reading a magazine with attractive women on the cover, but they have the fsociety masks on. i love the montage of elliot's routine, complete with mention of the "local pyromaniac."the performances are great as always. rami malek is ever the standout, although he doesn't have quite as much to do in this one because so much if it he spends blankly carrying out his day-to-day routine, in order to maintain his sanity.ultimately, there wasn't actually all that much that happened in this first part of the premiere, but it re-immersed us in the world, set up some directions for the show to go, and re-established the narrative style. so far, season 2 is very disappointing
 i was so irritated watching the first episode of the second season. it reminded me of the tv series hannibal where the creators had a good thing and decided they needed to go avant grade and drown the series in what they think is creativity. well, it's not. it's just unwatchable and if it continues the series will surely wind up where hannibal did, in the canceled bin.i used to love christian slater in this but now i despise whenever he turns up. it's just too much. keep it real! they are not and i just want to turn it off and throw it in the bin.basically, it's gone abstract because pseudo intellectuals think it makes them geniuses for doing so. it doesn't. and what's with the weird camera angles? just stop it! creators, please watch season one again and ask some people what made it great, because season 2 so far is a disaster. overrated episode
 when i watched the first, i was amazed, thrilled, anxious for the great series to come back, the first episode was great, but then it started the second and bl-erg, such an overrated episode. damm.they are forcing so much those borings pseudo-cult photography, acting and directing.just let it take its real course, let keep it real, where is the narrative, where are the great moments, where is the real plot? i hope the 2nd episode is something beneath the true quality of the series, please, don't ruin it.well, at least, the final of the episode saved it bah
 just plainly overrated. i don't know why i'm suppose to have 10 lines of text just for saying that this is full of clichés, boring acting, hero talks like a text-ole machine and is depressing as hell. it's a mashup of hollywood intrigues with a totally unrealistic hacking plot. in season one, the guy would have been caught so many times (in real life), that it's funny people believing in this... add a cheesy fight club style twist and push it further... bah...cheap philosophy, not inspiring filming, boring moments where stress is underline x10000 for no reason... i was still interesting in the season 2, just by pure curiosity, but it's even worst than the first one, i just fall asleep on the second episode. totally overrated show. very much a transitional episode
 i couldn't help but feel slightly underwhelmed by this episode. it wasn't badly made, it was just slow and relatively uneventful (particularly when compared to the previous episode). it is the epitome of a transitional episode. i will not go so far as to call it "filler", as i do believe that everything it setup will be important one way or another down the line. it's definitely a necessary episode. the ending got me excited to see the next one. it just isn't a particularly remarkable or memorable episode in and of itself.perhaps the most interesting scene in the episode is the flashback in the first ten minutes. i appreciated the way the sequence gradually ramp-ed up the tension from a casual conversation to the big moment at the end of it, accompanied by a score straight of harry potter and the chamber of secrets.some other scenes that i liked in the episode were the surprisingly heart-warming scene between joanna and her boy-toy, the return of the bd wong character, and elliot's chess game with mr robot. i was mostly indifferent towards the rest. i am finding it increasingly implausible that leon would be spending his time hanging out with elliot, and increasingly irritating that i have literally no idea what is going on with ray and his black-eyed business partner.i did not enjoy this episode nearly so much as i had hoped that i would, but i recognize it as a necessary instalment, and still eagerly anticipate the next. least favourite episode up to this point
 drifts in and out, too much slow mo and alot of blank space leading to a bunch of scenes that really don't gel well. hard to stay alert and maintain attention.. which i found to be an issue with the first half of season 2 thus far... but it is at its worst in episode 4. so underwhelming
 this episode was extremely boring, it felt like much more than approx 65 minutes long. i tried really hard to get through it, but there wasn't much at all that i could stay focused on, so i turned it off. definitely a filler episode. i want to get back into the show, so i'll read a synopsis of this episode to refresh my memory. there's no way i'm going to go through 65 minutes of nothing again. chess was off the mark
 tl:dr nobody at the shoot knew of any chessi felt this episode was hurried in a way, that i haven't seen earlier from mr.robot.
what struck me the most was the chess scenes. all of them. our protagonist has gotten the rep of a 'pretty smart guy' so far, but completely fails to comprehend what signifies a good move in chess. the mistakes they made would be very obvious to a child even. the director may not have thought much of the game and tried to give the illusion of 'real' moves by cutting very fast. and besides that - the idea of stalemate with approx. half the pieces left on the board is ludicrous. although three stalemates in a row is not. not quite sure what to make of this show anymore
 so i loved the first season of mr robot. this second season is way to slow and we are up to episode 6 already and not much has happened.although i've not finished watching this episode (6) it is bugging the hell out of me that i am forced to watch a make believe sit com (think happy days the fonz) of mr robot for the first 15 minutes. i am going to puke now and am not sure if i will continue to watch this show if they don't get it together.the show was clever, smart and topical, its now becoming a joke. please guys get it back to what it was before.boo hoo mr robot come back to reality! this show has gone to crap..
 i really didn't want to have to write a review..after watching the first season, the show had so much potential to translate into the second season. i honestly don't know what is going on. did they change writers. is the writer off his medication, or is he on it? what is the deal with the change? i loved this show during the first season. i told everyone about it, and now it just sucks.i kept waiting and waiting for season 2 to pick up. anyone that is enjoying this crap is tasteless.. you should take a lesson from a long running show like 'suits' on character development.. the only out i see season 2 from complete disaster is if mr robot takes over and the last remaining episodes are straight thriller to make up for this bore fest of a show. making a show drag this much only makes sense if you have 60 episodes per season. alright, end rant... full tilt stupid
 already wasn't caring much for season 2, although season 1 was pretty good. this episode was little more than full-tilt stupid. i'm done, won't be back.