 wow! absolutely brilliant so far.
 it was just dumb luck that i came across this series. i have to admit that i wasn't too excited about the title but decided to give it a watch. well, i've now watched the same episode three times. it was that good.i didn't realize at the time that it would be several weeks before the second episode would air, but the anticipation of the second episode has been exhilarating.as for this first episode, it was scary how deep it touched me. i will say though that i happen to be a techie so perhaps i'm a bit biased, but given the onslaught of positive reviews it seems i'm not alone. a fact that actually makes me feel alright.the writing is original and profound, the premise is a bit out there but maybe not too far out there, and the acting/directing/production is off the charts. bravo! sharp writing and acting make common narrative tropes feel fresh.
 we've all seen the misunderstood genius like sherlock or house in many television series. it's also a very common thing to follow a group bringing down the rich. the plan reminds me of fight club. and i've seen so many shows and movies about hackers. by all accounts, this should have fallen apart. but the writing and directing is so sharp that the whole thing feels surprisingly fresh. i'm not going to go into what makes the lead a great, well written character, because i don't want to spoil it for anyone. the series has just enough grit, too. i've seen so many shows try to be gritty, and it blows up in their face. gotham is an awful tonal mix. but this strikes a subtle and interesting balance. the acting is all very good. i'm really looking forward to seeing what happens in this series. there is a plot twist at the end of the first episode. who is mr. robot?
 usa network. the tv channel that has shows like suits, royal pains, among other shows. none of which i'm interested in. until this came along...mr. robot.i first saw a trailer for this days ago, and i was hooked. it had a sense of fight club/dexter with the main character narrating. i tuned in last night, and i loved it.i'll keep the story short, but basically mr. robot is about a hacker named elliot who has trouble connecting with people (like me) and hacks into people's personal lives, showing it is the only way he connects with people. christian slater plays a man who is apart of this secret underground hacker group called fsociety who wishes to take down the richest men in the world.there are a few supporting characters such as gideon who is elliot's boss at his work, and his only close friend angela, who is also a coworker.this pilot was perfect. very intriguing from the beginning. anyone who is a fan of fight club/dexter should give this a shot. i will be watching next week's episode.plot twist at the end of the episode. be prepared for a blast of a season. and congrats usa for renewing for a season 2 before it even aired. simple amazing
 third time to watch this and it's getting better every time. im glad for malek s golden globe win in bohemian rhapsody as freddy mercury. and he won emmy too for this. geniously written and marvelous dialogue and outstanding acting and writing. a revolutionised view-point of modern society.
 let me just say this right off the bat: i loved this pilot.as far as pilot episodes go this is one of the best. we get to learn so much information about the characters and the overall concept of the series and i'm seriously hooked. rami malek's performance was exceedingly exceptional and i think it's fair to say we haven't seen the last of this guy yet. his portrayal of the reclusive, socially-anxious protagonist is indulgent to say the least and we can't help but feel empathetic towards the character. the fundamental use of non-diegetic narration helps us view elliot's mundane yet realistic perception of society through his own eyes; and it's not difficult to agree with him. the series takes a different approach in presenting the real world; clearly acting as a satire towards the overwhelming conformity to cultural materialism (more specifically big corporations such as facebook and apple). what is so intriguing about the series is that we as the audience are encouraged to question whether elliot's decisions are justified and acceptable, or whether he's conversely the "bad guy". personally, he seems to be making decisions for the greater good and i'm excited to see if that's really true or whether the show decides to take a far different and complex approach in explaining his methods.so far so good, i just hope future episodes continue at the same pace and at the same intensity as this pilot. my fingers are crossed. ferris buellers evil twin ... and the best tv show ever
 reviewers, especially "top reviewers," are supposed to be able to sum these shows up in a few catchy phrases, but this show has me tongue-tied.i could be in love with this show. i might become its stalker. it might need a r.o. against me.forget for a moment the brilliant writing, directing and casting. forget the most perfect use of voice-over since god spoke to noah. forget this this show is so dark -- literally and figuratively -- that it makes ferris bueller look like he escaped from the set of touched by an angel.there is a line of dialog at the half-way point of episode 1 where the protagonist's girl-friend (not his "girlfriend") invites herself in to do drugs and the two of them stumble on the sleeping form of his pusher (who is young, female and gorgeous) in his bed. everyone had forgotten about her, including the audience.but not the writers: "give me a moment and i'll get rid of her." "no! it's (pause) good that you are (pause) ... dating." i watch 100s of hours of tv and movies to find one line of dialog as tight as that. if this show manages to deliver just one more sequence as well written, it will qualify as one of the best shows of all time very nice pilot
 and i liked how they made the viewer a fictional friend of elliot 9.5 at least was amazing i think it will be fantastic
 was amazing i think it will be fantastic everything was good i very like it the beginning of an epic story
 this pilot should have been the only one which completely captivated me (breaking bad's one was not as immersive as this one, for example). the main character, elliott, is so interesting, and i surely want to follow his storyline. i'm sure that angela, tyrell, darlene, and the mysterious mr. robot will have lots of character evolution too.what makes this pilot (and this show) so good is the freshness of the story. it doesn't resemble anything else. the music, the cinematography, the filming style, make this show unique, original. and i like original stuff.i loved how realistic this show is, how truthfully it portrays our current society, how it touches the problems that we have to deal with on a daily basis.i'm going to keep watching this, definitely, and i can't wait to see what is the origin of mr robot. highly reccomend this! not original, but great nonetheless
 "mr. robot"'s pilot is a good case of a great episode that hooks the viewer with the visuals, the characters and the pace, even if the story is not original at all.genius and aloof looking elliot (a good enough rami malek, who seems to have been told to pop his eyes as much as possible) is your typical run-of-the-mill hero: he works for the bad guys, even if not directly, but hates them, and is good enough at his work with computers that big fish mr. robot (christian slater, as sleazy as possible) decides to contact him."mr. robot" doesn't stride very far away from all these series that portrait corporations as evil beings without heart that takes people's money, life, happiness and... yeah, everything. elliot sees that, as sees that people reading a popular book is just people following a trend. he is so "above" it, that he makes the viewer feel they are "above" it too, even if, oh, well, we are all part of the system. "mr. robot"'s pilot unashamedly calls to people's feeling of being cheated but at the same time of knowing that they are being cheated.so, we could just have a show that becomes obnoxious because it calls for people's sense of superiority. but the show gets this starting point and surrounds it with an amazing wrapping. malek is good (his eyes distract a little bit...), series slayer slater's good too,... the episode has a great pace, and doesn't let a moment of respire (only when it wants so). music, action, the side story of elliot's vigilante's job... all is top notch quality, and makes the episode for a great viewing.if now it could just be a little bit more original, it will be more than great. for now, it's just an amazing time in front of the screen. "just". hellofriend
 hellofriend – the 1st code written by majority of the students at school. there are quiet a few shows that have a similar story. but none came up with 'helloworld'. a stroke of genius by esmail. the start drew quiet a few similarities with fightclub with the way the 1st person narration happens. for me, fightclub narration is still the very best and it is well supported. rami malek has played elliot alderson refreshingly. there is emphasis on the vigilante part of this character. hoping to see it build through the rest of the series (just watched episode 1).esmail with his crisp story telling doesn't lose the viewers in all the technical jargon used. and for a show like this it is very easy to throw all the tech savvy jargon. couldn't help but notice the direct attack on dell. evil corp logo resembles dell. or did i get the logo wrong? the writers have done well with some clever lines like " all the heroes are counterfeit".a very promising pilot just wouldn't want to be disappointed in the further episodes. or like esmail put it in the start " it is so good... doesn't allow good to exist without conditions". no conditions please. i am looking forward for a great season. world not that wide but dark... wow!
 let me start by stating that what i witnessed during the first episode is that this has similarities with dexter the tv show in many ways. okay, i do not discredit the subject of future world with insensitive or evanescent "homanoids" that look like humans as the corrupted systems watch out for anyone who is about to break their shells off of the damned society, and suppress them. yes, this is just like that. well, this is mostly the story of our world nowadays.what we see is mr. elliot alderson is a person we all can relate to in many ways as he is a disoriented soul, - got squeezed between buildings; and got ripped off of any root; has no close ties with anyone; most importantly, feels no self-value; and, at the end, comprehends the truth on how things work in this wicked society-, trying to do some good by punishing accidentally selected people even though he does it not legally.does it now seem familiar?.. maybe only after interpreting the cds on the hacked ones?.. well, we have ourselves a darker, scarier, and kind of a more complex story than that of dexter's. at least so far.what seems original about this is how it walks us around this modern city life, more dead than alive. wires for life.i give this episode a "9,35." yes! :)p.s.: mr. christian slater and mr. rami malek, along with ms. carly chaikin started and will probably do great. (i am not a fan of spoiled characters, but still i do back ms. chaikin.) especially mr. malek. good! and... we will wait for you, ms. portia doubleday!here's the forepart of a saying of my culture on the matter:"...the prophet (mohammad) said, "how can allah sanctify a nation if their strong do not support their weak?"source: sunan ibn mājah 4010.grade: sahih (authentic) according to al-albani." spoiler free
 started watching this series without even watching the trailer.came to know that this series is related to hacking.from the very first second you can feel the darkness in the lead character elliot.he is apt for the character.definitely recommended to watch if you love dark movies and series. a great start to an excellent show.
 this episode is almost perfect in almost every way. the acting is incredible from everyone, but rami malek gives the most stand out performance.
as far as i can tell, it portrays hacking in a very realistic way.
the cold open introduces elliot, and sets up key themes for the rest of the episode, and the show as a whole.
the writing is both believable, and exiting.
the directing in this episode was good. it didn't stand out to me as being anything too special, although, some shots were very well crafted.
finally, the music is close to perfect. it fits the techno-thriller style and massively raises the tension of the episode. excellent world-building from scene one
 rami malek couldn't have landed a more perfect role that appeals to his own unique persona. elliot alderson immediately cements himself as the robin hood or dexter morgan of data hackers. his paranoia about "evil corp's men in black" and the ghost-like presence of christian slater's mr. robot team fills this debut episode with mystery. and the new york city in the show feels like it's somewhat in an alternate universe, making its commentary on corporate corruption and class warfare allegorically captivating. i took the bait, and i'm glad...
 just discovered this series (still only 2 seasons in my streaming channel) but i'm already hooked. reading on the opening titles i was very reluctant; rami malek, whom i only know from the pacific and --albeit a fine actor- his personality is the opposite of engaging.christian slater is usually a severe warning not to watch anything that includes him in the cast but having watched just the pilot --and seeing that the series has held for four seasons to this date, makes me think it deserves the benefit of the doubt. the cardboard personalities of both actually come across as genuine for the characters.plot layout is good so far; it's a bit nerdy but i'm not stranger to computerese and even have used linux for more than a decade, so it doesn't repel me, quite the contrary, and for once it has a genuine ring to it, not something that we see often in tv series or even mainstream films.i don't have much to add at this moment, having just started e02s01 but it's promising, thus i intend to keep watching it until it either fails to keep my attention or just plain bores me. successfully avoids the "second episode syndrome".
 what i loved about the previous episode is how they showed that elliot has absolute power, the ability to topple lives and manipulate fates, yet he mostly uses it to fit in with people. he did some things for moral reasons, and didn't do some things he probably should have for personal gain. in this episode, he is challenged frequently on when to use that power. straight off the bat, he is given opportunities from both sides of the shadow war. his indecisiveness is brilliantly handled by the show runners.one incident that really stood out was his encounter with a drug dealer. this drug dealer was dating his neighbor, and the only reason elliot hadn't taken him down is that he is the source of his morphine. this leads to a very interesting moral dilemma. the episode was generally filled with very clever dilemmas for elliot. i have noticed that the second episode of a series is often one of the weakest in the season. this avoids that pattern, and is even arguably better than the pilot.the plot twist at the end is even more intriguing than last week's. if people weren't hooked by the pilot, this'll do them in. choices
 after an unbelievably engrossing pilot, mr. robot hurls us deeper into the rabbit hole that is the life and tribulations of elliot alderson. this episode, while having the very simple premise of "choices", expounds on it in a way that almost mirrors some of the greatest linguistic poets of our time. everything merely tricks us into believing that there is more to the shades of "black and white" that consume our everyday lives. coke and pepsi, blue cross and blue shield, mcdonalds and burger king i love the direction this show is headed in and i applaud usa for picking up such a daringly different and bold series ...... and i thought the first episode was good!
 it has been one month since the pilot aired and it caught me by surprise. i am a kind of movie freak that has watched a lot of movies and tv and doesn't get impressed easily. the feeling the pilot gave me was similar to what i felt when i watched the first episode of game of thrones or breaking bad or the twilight zone (original); i would also add mash but its a comedy.it mesmerized me, the lead actor seems almost tailor made for the role, great casting choice and christan slater......., saw him after a long time and must say that the way he is handling the part, i am starting to wonder why has he not been working in better movies. the sisterish friend of the lead may be considered a bit weak but not by much. anyways, the point was that i was in awe of the pilot and during last month saw it 3-4 times.i was apprehensive that the followup episode may not be able to carry the momentum. we have all seen shows that show promise in the beginning but then very soon stoop down into driveldom, or at-least loose our interest.this is not one of those. the second episode was at par and maybe even a bit better then the first. the characters are fleshed out during the course of the 46 odd minutes. the absolute power image of the pilot is brought up against the absolute powerlessness that the characters sometimes feel.i loved it too much, so ill keep on chattering..... you guys go see this. but remember..... you need your brains about you with this one... in-fact you may even need to borrow some from the local chop shop.have fun. as good as the pilot. getting really intense.
 episode 2 was very good. the pilot left us off with a cliffhanger as the linux guy (tyrell) had elliot brought to him. why? to offer him a position at e corp. elliot has to decide. he has no interest in working there. on the other hand, mr. robot is moving more and more toward his plan of toppling a conglomerate and deleting debt. he wants to do something that will be bad for a lot of people that elliot wants no part of. there are little subplots involving portia and her boyfriend. a lot of people have mentioned mr. robot being like fight club. it very much is with him being inside his head a lot. they will probably tell you the truth before the end of the season. episode 2 does leave us with...another cliffhanger. usa is doing mr. robot right and hope it lasts for 5-8 seasons. browse your selection of options. effects may be permanent
 mr. robot has established an amazing foundation by its pilot. now it puts the atypical protagonist in tough spots as he is presented with myriad of choices, both for his life and also others'. the dilemma arises after situation escalates with fsociety trying to up their hacktivist acts. by now, elliot is already connected and must determine his course of actions one way or another.the show keeps interesting balance between his personal life and also his more bizarre one. since elliot himself is narrating, speaking to audience in a manner, we get a good look of his insights. still, even having hearing his thought, the show smartly lures the audience with portrayal of elliot in his worse days. it maintains a hint of mystery as he might just be paranoid, and yet intriguingly relatable for the audience to invest on his character.cinematography is clean throughout, most of the shots are done with characters in the side and giving the environment more space. it presents the setting, from the old subways, dark interior or wide streets of the city as an integral part. the shift in color tone is visibly presented to differentiate the location they are in. it's almost a reminder of michael mann's style, especially in collateral.script is highly engaging, conveying a lot of private issues aside from slight anarchy banter. this is one of the shows that keep the allure so effectively, it captures audience's interest like a large shining billboard. the stakes go up
 where the pilot presented elliot with the chance to start a revolution by eliminating debt's stranglehold on the 99%, this episode shows the violent sacrifices mr. robot's fsociety is willing to make for their mission. elliot's personal relationships also get darker and more complex as his dependency on morphine reaches a new level. one scene with his therapist came off as a little too presentational, but everything else this episode sets up made elliot's world a lot more intense. getting better
 a great improvement from the first episode. i swear to god at least 80% of the shots in this ep is composed and framed perfectly. i was also able to attach myself to the plot even more for it gave room for the viewer to breathe and soak in the meat of this thing. very good ep, we'll see where it goes. elliot tests out a normal life
 this episode feels more like a "what-if" story that shows what elliot's life would be like without fsociety. we get to see elliot experience happiness for a change and develop the healthier parts of his relationships, but of course the joy doesn't last for long. this is contrasted by tyrell's increasing acts of american psycho-esque violence when his career plans don't go as planned. a character-building episode rather than a plot-building one. great series so far
 greetings from lithuania."mr. robot" is a very good, non formulaic (although first season of dexter" comes into a mind very quickly, but in a good way) new show. pilot was superb, second episode was good and this one is just great.acting by all involved is superb although i kinda expected something more from christian slater who won golden globe for this - he is very good in here but he does his usual "christian slater thing" - it is a colorful character, but not a "chameleon" type of acting. writing is great, involving, intriguing and provoking. i also love music in this show.overall, "mr. robot" so far is a superb show. not typical and sometimes provoking with great craftsmanship, this is a must see for all who tired of generic and dull series. it's that thing again........
 the spoiler alert is just a warning. i have tried to shy away from specifics in the following review.mr robot has me hooked that's for sure. the character development in ep3 is excellent. i reviewed ep2 a few days ago and remarked on the way that complete control is played off against complete lack of control.mr. tyrel, the svp and cto wannabe of evil corp was shown in the last episode as a man who exerts complete control over his life and over the life of many others. this episode shatters that illusion and shows us his almost pathological desire to control situations that are slipping out of his grasp.this guy sam esmail is a genius. the story is woven so intricately that the viewer gets lost in it. each character is being fleshed out even more as the story progresses and it is getting curiouser and curiouser.....bottom line; this is a must see for anyone looking for a tv show with substance and gall. this one boldly goes where tv dreads to tread, i.e the realm of the thinker.one last thing, christian slater is amazing. i still don't get why he has been off the radar for so long. better when you've watched season 4
 this episode didn't make sense when watching the first time around, but after watching season 4 and how the series was recontextualized, this episode makes a lot more sense. it will all make sense, i promise!
 this episode is brilliant!!! it contains the essential glimpse of what's to come by the end of the show. keep going and you will see! sam esmail, sir, you are the man! so much better on reflection
 the first time you watch this you do not have enough information to process what anything means, it's so abstract. after watching the finale and season 4 you begin to see how early in elliott's story his destiny and ending was decided.some lovely visuals here and the hallucinations have far more meaning on the rewatch. it would have been a 7/10 at best on first watch. chaotic, confusing but well constructed, amazing!!
 this has to be the most bizarre, but most engaging episode yet!. i was left questioning myself "what's happening" as there were so many clues that i had yet to find. a large theme portrayed in this episode was reality, as i was left considering what scenes were real and what wasn't. furthermore another theme was demons, which also left me gripped wanting to find more as you go deeper into elliot's mind.the episode was evenly paced, and had some create music adding to the tension of this episode; which left me hanging on the edge of my seat. angela and the f-society's character development was great, each character had their part and you slowly begin to get an insight into their lives. we are still left to wonder if mr.robot is real, or whether half the time elliot is tripping. but the overall surrealism of this episode is great. can't wait for the next one! some truly brilliant scenes, and some stumbles.
 the episode opens with elliot's plan to take down the analog records. the group then finds out that there are copies being made, so they will have to execute the plan within the next couple days. unfortunately, elliot's withdrawal kicks in, making him useless.in the end, they have to get elliot one more fix so he can function for the operation. this results in what was easily the episode's best scene. elliot goes into this junkie house to get some drugs. the whole scene was done as one shot. it was truly intense, especially the ending. this results in elliot having hallucinations. the hallucinations lasted the next quarter of the episode. don't get me wrong, they were fairly well done. hallucinations can be truly boring and pretentious if done wrong. luckily, they found a good balance of surrealism, symbolism, and hilarity. i loved the voice of the talking fish. but the segment just lasted too darn long. this took time away from other elements that really needed more time. for example, darlene and trenton's meeting with the army of darkness. we didn't get to see what happened in the meeting, and we really needed to. maybe they'll return to it later in the season, but even so, it was handled in a confusing way. in the end, despite a few stumbles, it was still a pretty good entry into the series. and that one-shot sequence was awesome!!! rated in the low 8s. folks, you didn't get it, did you?
 this show is blowing me away. quintessentially one of the grittiest shows that i've ever seen on tv, and i've been around for a long time. and this specific episode. i'm thinking that those who rated this episode didn't really understand it, not the subtly of it. low 8s? why? my guess is that most individuals who rated it haven't really experienced much in the way of life, or contrarily, have spent too much of their lives focused on a led screen a foot away from their faces.but that's ok. i 'get' where the writers are coming from. the tapestry they weave with their story-lines is...brilliant. minor flaws with the computer engineering plot-line, but taken as a whole, i can overlook those to appreciate the bigger picture. great stuff. the game of thrones use to be at the top of my list - it just got bumped down a notch by mr robot. it makes more sense after season 4
 as some people said below, this episode is the foreshadowing of the finale..thanks sam esmail for perfection, and to ramo malek for increadible performance throught the series.. i don't get the low rating
 this episode was amazing. it got weird very fast, but i enjoyed every second of it. although this series is quite a slow burn i have easily found myself invested in all of them.i'd also like to say that the dream sequence was incredibly creative, creepy, and beautiful.10/10 this is probably my favorite episode so far, will definitely keep watching. tense thrilling first half + slower heart sinking second half = great mid-season episode
 once again, we have a front-loaded episode; all the tense action happens in the first half, while the second half goes into more of the drama and dilemmas.the first half of the episode is the infiltration of steel mountain. this was wonderfully tense, beautifully handled by the writers and directors. you can really feel the unique aspects of elliot and the premise at work here. i loved his way of manipulating his way in. as you might expect, some things go wrong.then, the episode splits off into different stories. shayla applies to a job as a waiter. the drug dealer from episode 2 schemes. tyrell manoeuvres. darlene gets some bad news, forcing the group into a painful dilemma. angela stays with her father. despite being slower, this second half is still intriguing. it's an improvement over last week's tedious, meandering hallucinations. somebody made it up for last week's mistake
 after last week's episode, i was sad and angry at the very same moment. sad because i thought that a show with a great potential is losing it and angry because of my searching for a new promising show is over and now i'm heading back to the very same point where i started.this episode is summarizing everything you need from a tv show. also it had the intense of a breakthrough which wasn't not so thrilling to the degree that makes you forget the other great aspects of the show. plus seeing other deep aspects of people's life and going more in some of the characters' inner sides which made the show multidimensional instead of being built only on one hero's life. i still liked the show in its way of opening more and more clues for potential development in the near future without making the viewer loss concentration at the main storyline.offcourse, the show still maintaining it's amazing formula of camera work and sound tract which made me captured even in a boring episode like the previous one with all the hallucinations.to summarize, this episode is the nearest one to the pilot and if anyone thinks of leaving after last episode, please reconsider your decision. the privacy breach, in the server and bathroom
 in the spirit of heist movie, elliot marches through the front door to execute his plan. armed with talking voices on his head and hangover from the withdrawal, he tries to sabotage steel mountain in broad daylight. though it's not done with bungee cord and black suit, the effort creates incredible tension and a couple rather excruciating verbal jab.both elliot and tyrell are given equal spotlight here. these two can be utterly vehement when they dismantle their opposition. rami malek as elliot shows more of humane side despite his increasingly dangerous work and occasional awkward interactions. meanwhile, tyrell is insidiously clamoring control. his method to pursue this goal is intrusive and relentless.tyrell carries himself with suave manner, that's precisely why he's so effective as antagonist. he is so normal, almost frighteningly like any other guy one can meet on the office or even walking down the street. it's a contrast to elliot's awkward delivery. after a couple of eerie encounters, the pace softens up a bit as the show develops other subplots.dark army is still presented as vague party, it may soon be revealed whether they are friendly or hostile. a few other characters find themselves oddly connected to elliot this episode. two leading girls experience some turmoil, furthering relationship with elliot, although it's more platonic than romantic. another name from recent past also greets him, these changes may affect him later on, but for now the effort to sabotage data cache is suspended.on the end note, the intense episode closes with an interestingly catchy techno soundtrack. the show might merit from this kind of audio delight in the future. be good, fight evil. (mozart's rondo alla turca plays in background...)
 this episode explains a lot.a-in his plan, elliot was not careful enough to cover his tracks in turning fernando in. this was a play of the screenwriters to further use fernando and increase the tension; otherwise, as careful a person as elliot, one would not do this kind of a mistake.b-as fsociety attempts to penetrate steel mountain, mr. elliot alderson runs across, of all people, mr. tyrell wellick in a vast complex. this is also a play to kick it up a notch. okay.c-the dark army withdraws for some reason as the series would end if they didn't. okay, it has something to do with the cd ms. angela moss plants in the allsafe's system. maybe the chinese crew wanted to have the allsafe for themselves. but why?.. okay, for chaos... but still, was it that much necessary?.. oh, one more thing; if they did not withdraw, we won't ever be able to see mr. tyrell wellick mess with the world. (p.s.: i wish ayyildizteam should have a say in all these. :) )these were the highlights in the 5th episode aside from the things that got the last 3 episodes going, like:1-lesbian love / intimacy between an astray girl and a decent / middle class girl to get the audience's blood pumped up. not a logical one;2-portrayal of muslims in a poor way as not only doing the prayer /salah properly, but making it seem like muslims are of an asylum trying to establish a bond with the real world; (no wonder mr. president perceives them as a threat. my gosh.)3-focusing on rich families' fixation on fetishism, sadomasochism and their doing anything to get what they want as it is their right / fate; (classical music plays in background... not boring at all.)4-whole "i cannot live without my drugs" routine that legitimizes the illegal / self-ordained acts; (p.s.: capitalism is bad, okay; so is using drugs and / or indulging in riotous living / sensual pleasures.)5-cheating (on) and framing is normal so long as you have the "reason" and you do not get caught. (bad people must be put on trial, yeah. but in a humane way.)6-lastly, one has got to be a complete maniac / crazy to want the world to become a better / just / rightful place as they would probably have a tough childhood and received no love whatsoever that could have kept them in denial of the unjust state of affairs in this "fish tank" called earth.i give this one a "8,5." yes.here is a saying from my culture on the matter:'abu huraira reported: the messenger of allah, peace and blessings be upon him, said, "shall i not tell you what distinguishes the best of you from the worst of you? the best of you are those from whom goodness is expected and people are safe from their evil. the worst of you are those from whom goodness is not expected and people are not safe from their evil."source: sunan al-tirmidhī 2263.grade: sahih (authentic) according to at-tirmidhi.' elliot succeeds and fails spectacularly
 elliot's first fsociety mission, the infiltration of steel mountain, is filled with tense failure and surprising redemption. his successive oversight when it comes to his personal relationships makes this episode perfectly balanced in terms of building stakes for elliot's future. angela's father also makes his first appearance and i really hope nothing horrible happens to him. a stunning masterpiece.
 this was by far the best episode of the series. it played out like a game of chess. the energy it built with the pacing is truly phenomenal. every second tingles with energy. the ending left me with my jaw dropped to the floor. as we saw last episode, vera has leverage on elliot. in this episode, he uses this to make elliot hack him out of jail within the day. now, the lives of several main characters hang in the balance, hinging on elliot's ability to perform a near impossible task. you'd think that the pressure of that would be enough, but to get out of this alive, he also has to navigate a series of twists and betrayals.i do wish the episode had more of christian slater. he's been transfixing as mr. robot, and probably my favourite character. his one scene was excellent, however. meanwhile, angela goes to the lawyer who represented the case against evilcorp all those years ago, and she's played by an actress from house of cards. that's the second one on this show (the first being gideon). the creators of this show must be fans.ultimately, this episode was about the conflict between the old and new elliot, about fight vs. flight. unfortunately, his choices lead to a shocking end that will surely define his character for a long while. an episode like i haven't seen in years!
 everybody knows by now that this show's main plot is all about attacking this monster of a conglomerate named e corp to save the world or so to speak, erase all debts. this idea has been driving the show and every episode was bringing the viewer a little closer to this goal. but what happens when an episode just suddenly makes a huge turnaround and presents something totally unrelated to that one goal? well it becomes the best episode in the season so far if you ask me!this sixth episode starts in giving us a headache trying to figure out what happened between the last minute of the last episode and that moment but by the time we get our answer, we are catapulted into a fast-paced thriller as we follow elliot struggling to find a solution to free vera out of prison in 24 hours. angela's appearances are slowing the rhythm but if they end up helping building the main plot it would have been worth it as in this episode, nothing is done to harm e corp. this whole hour is given to let vera shine as a dangerous antagonist and "dangerous" is underrating him. we have also some refreshing glimpses of tyrell's weaknesses which make him lose some credibility while also giving him a more human side.the scenes all blend one into another with ease but it is for the last scene that this episode will be remembered as one of the best one ever produced. this is the type of scene that makes you hold your throat in disgust, feel your heart beat hard with anger and makes you cry with the deepest sadness you ever felt in a show. well i know i did and no other show gave me this kind of emotions in a long long time.it deserved a 10/10 and those that say otherwise can go back to watch disney channel. for those who doubted the potential of this show after the second episode (or the third but let's not talk about that one yeah?) hopefully this sixth episode will prove you right to keep watching. terrific episode
 greetings from lithuania.episode 6 was great, gritty, dark and ending was way darker then anything i've seen in recent shows. this is way i highly enjoy series so far - it is a gritty show with dark mood - it is not one of the feel good series, and that what makes it great. "mr. robot" isn't for me a superbly involving show, but what makes it kinda unique and i can't get enough of it is these things mentioned above. add very solid acting by all involved + realistic screenplay and i have a show which i will definitely watch further. overall, episode 6 is so far the most darkly gritty chapter, and it's one of the very best so far. marvelously crafted digital escape
 encounter with vera proves to be more intimidating and hauntingly detrimental to elliot's life. up until now the show delivers many troubleshooting instances with intricate preparation or technical wizardly, this time it's a much more personal effort. schemes and betrayals happen with rapid pace as the series presents one of the best wit battles in any recent tv series.vera finally realizes who's responsible for setting him up. there's a violent repercussion as he threatens elliot and his friends if he isn't willing to break him out of the prison. despite portrayed as a crude criminal, vera is more than a match for elliot. seeing there's barely any resource or time, and no way out, not favorable to him anyway. elliot plays out his best gambits.what follows is a high risk tactical collision with vera and also another secretive party. cloak and dagger are brandished, occasionally in less discreet yet perilous manner.there is relentless intensity as the prison break escalates. both actors perform to the finest. vera is not the typical smooth antagonist like tyrell, he's downright visceral, peculiarly volatile and enigmatically persuasive.tyrell and angela get their moments this episode, both of them are preparing to reach their respective goal for evil corp. this subplot is moving nicely, but the highlight is definitely the grueling prison break. cinematography and screenplay are near impeccable, it's brilliantly shift the advantage back and forth as neither of them willing to lose their ground.this is a fine tuned escape endeavor from analog confinement, the tension might just rival the rock or shawshank, although redemption might be not be included. my personal favorite
 watch this episode. mr. robot has some pretty incredible storytelling, considering it was created by a guy who once said he doesn't care about plot. this episode shows how complex of a character elliot is. besides the suspense, what i liked most about this episode is that it can be viewed as its own story. this is just elliot under the gun to save someone he cares about from a psychopathic drug dealer (an unusually likable one). i love every second of this show, but this episode is one of the greatest, in my opinion. the best story arcs take time to build and resolve, and mr. robot accomplishes this in a pretty brilliant way: by literally taking more time to build and resolve them. not just a season, not just two. this episode was in the first season and the story arc won't be reintroduced until the fourth season. i haven't really seen a show take risks in storytelling like that. almost all of them have a central issue that gets resolved by the end of the season, as well as subplots that get resolved by the end of the episodes. this show presents only pieces of its best stories at a time, which is far closer to reality than the assembly line of conflict resolution that we are accustomed to. can't wait to see how it pans out. mr. elliot alderson should stay away from drugs! he has real potential.
 okay, we've seen ms. angela moss up close and have known her better as we now see her remember the true intentions that she has in her; namely to make things right concerning mr. terry colby as well as her mother. yes, we've seen mr. tyrell wellick mess with his enemies so desperately as he has not been evil in his full potential but will be eventually seeing how the show operates on him. yeah, the show have decided earlier to keep things going for a little while as the plans on destroying the evil corp. got canceled. these are all not so important concerning the journey of mr. elliot alderson as it should have been; because he is the lead actor, and more importantly this show started to be his.the real episode starts, continues and ends with the issue of getting mr. isaac vera out of prison on condition that ms. shayla nico will be released. the spirit, the essence of the episode is this: mr. elliot alderson will hack the network of the prison and let mr. isaac vera loose. lo! mr. elliot alderson achieved it in less than a day! wow! no, i am not filled with joy... at the end, ms. shayla nico would be dead... sad... and an understandable plot twist, too.if we were to erase all the irrelevant scenes from or minimize them in this episode, the remaining body will be given a "9,55" points from me. but... sadly, i have to give it a "9,1" points.p.s.: please, dear people in charge, confine the plot mostly to mr. elliot alderson. for this is the best possible way we can see the fsociety perform. amen.here is an ayat / verse from the book that my culture rooted in:"every soul will taste of death. and ye shall be paid on the day of resurrection only that which ye have fairly earned. whosoever is removed from the fire and admitted to paradise, shall indeed be triumphant. the life of this world is but provision of vanities."(the 185th verse of the 3th chapter called the family of imrān in the gracious koran.) wow!
 such a wow! this episode was incorble 🔥
nothin' to say... slow and dramatic, yet surprisingly engrossing.
 this was certainly a change of pace from last week's thriller episode. but the writing was so stellar that it was still oddly transfixing. when the episode ended, i thought -- that's it? but, the more i think about it, the more it grows on me.angela arranges a meeting with terry colby. he immediately demonstrates what an a**hole he is. then, later in the episode, he and angela share one of the most stunning scenes. while only a simple conversation, the writing and acting of the scene makes it quietly imposing, and possibly one of my favourites in the series so far.tyrell's world seems to be falling apart. early in the series, he seemed to be the one who was controlling everything, a truly powerful person. now, everything is being stripped away, and he continues to demonstrate his inability to deal with this turn of events. this leads him to do something truly crazy. at first, i hated the soundtrack they were using for this scene. i thought it was silly and didn't fit at all with the show's tone. howeverr, they ended up using it for a neat disillusionment moment, so i can begrudgingly accept it.not much progress is made towards the end goal this episode. in fact, it seemed to focus on re-assembling the team from mistakes made in previous episodes. hopefully this means that the rest of the episodes will take a stronger focus on the hacking. the end scene was another great dramatic scene. !!! contains spoilers !!! elliot reveals himself; tyrell goes crazy at party; angelina meets colby; more updates on dark army...
 first of all no hacking in this episode. well it justifies itself as previous episode was so thrilling. the death of shayla was too much to take on for elliot. he is certainly lost. in this episode, we rarely hear his hypnotic narration and the plot is more often focused on angela taking on evil corp. she finally gets colby to talk which is a big step in her investigation. tyrell does something unimaginable. killing someone with bare hands, out of nowhere. i want everyone to watch the episode so not going to share everything, just for thrill. and in the ending, elliot does something which which is shocking. he shares everything with krista. he tells her that he hacks. everyone. and the way he reveals her life in front of her. i'm amazed what the next episode will bring. how will she react? whats next for crazy tyrell? how far will angelina go? man this is getting interesting. just one thing missing. no hacks. i love the way elliot plays with metasploit and the hacking tools. would love to see more of hacks and exploits. and one more thing- dark army is back. ready to negotiate. { white rose } watch the episode... when mental recovery program doesn't execute
 following grizzly event from last episode, it has become gradually harder for elliot to cope. he presents a few dramatic scenes this time as his collection of trusted people dwindles, and they are not many in the first place. however, most time is invested on angela's endeavor to dethrone evil corp.in contrast of high stake and high speed pace from previous episode, this one plays out slower. it showcases bits of elliot's mental aptitude and his childhood friend's effort to uncover as well as spread the truth. against the gargantuan company angela takes little steps at a time, it's also not a surprise that she faces blatant opposition.angela's bit may have some thrill, but it's highly political and not as engaging as the gritty drama we've had before. it's a progress which may have to build significantly before reaching any fascinating facet. tyrell plays out a gamble again with his superior's wife, in almost cat and mouse fashion. the result is equally unsavory, although this might not fit his debonair visage.rami malek delivers a few stunning scenes despite the slowed down pace. his method or addiction is questionable, and now he must deal with surreal effect of his actions. in a throwback to earlier episodes he now presents the weakness of others, but more importantly his own. it's not often he puts himself in vulnerable position.this is a good development for an anti-hero, since it opens the character to judgment rather than merely passing one. redrum. oh, no!
 dear rami malek, you were great. that is all i need to say!no no! i will surely get into details.of all the scenes, the one where mr. elliot alderson comes out of his shell and shares his true dealings and feelings with ms. krista gordon is one of the best scenes so far in the show. he hacked himself emotionally, after all. wow!..well, in this episode, things accelerate as it should, unlike in our lives where we are the ones that keep things speedy to the extent that we skip the little beauties while running after the big pies, but never catch them...mr. tyrell wellick tries so badly to have the well-earned title of "bad guy" as he kills ms. sharon knowles, the wife of mr. scott knowles, not being able to keep control of his anger and pride. he is so "newbie" in being horrible!.. what good does it make?.. woe to him, for murder is hideous.at the end, we still cannot determine whose agenda mr. tyrell wellick serves by being so in the middle of all of the things in this show. okay, the other characters won't reveal their relevance to the story, leaving us with many questions and the sense that this is not mr. elliot alderson's, the brilliant actor mr. rami malek's series. but i feel and see it to be very irrelevant to that of mr. tyrell wellick. we will see.i feel there are some surprises ahead of us... otherwise the show cannot piece all loose ends together. (what if... oh no! what if mr. tyrell wellick is a personality of or an alternate reality for mr. elliot alderson?.. really!)i give this episode a "8,6."here is a saying derived from my culture:"aisha reported: the messenger of allah, peace and blessings be upon him, said, "verily, allah is kind and he loves kindness. he rewards for kindness what is not granted for harshness and he does not reward anything else like it."source: ṣaḥīḥ muslim 2593.grade: sahih (authentic) according to muslim." weird, meta, terrifying, and beautiful.
 when i saw the preview for this episode and it showed elliot shaking the camera and asking us if we were in on this the whole time, i knew we were in for some strange use of the narration style this episode, but i had no idea what was to come. to answer his question, no, i did not see this coming. elliot talking to the viewer is nothing new. what's new is him realizing that the viewer may know more than him, and even taking on the role of the viewer briefly. and it's true, we see other people's story lines, so we know more than elliot. these strange meta moments end up tying in to the big twist at the end. i have to admit for a while i thought the big twist was going to be the same one as fight club, and the episode seemed to be supporting that. then, it veered off in a completely different direction, one i never expected, but in hindsight seems obvious. i did briefly consider the possibility in the second episode, but ultimately dismissed it.in other news, this episode contained lots of progress in the hacking, something that's been desperately missing these last few episodes. we finally meet whiterose, and that did not disappoint. tyrell continues to fall apart.i only wish we had gotten to see the fallout from last week's episode. confusion brings closer to conclusion...
 wow... i am just done watching this eighth episode and i need a moment to catch my breath. there was so much to digest at the same time it got me dizzy... but this is the kind of dizzy you get from a roller coaster - if you like those - it makes you want some more.this episode starts in giving the viewer so many questions and no answers at all. white rose's shadow is quickly engulfing fsociety members and the menace is taken seriously. something must be done, the original plan must go on, but something else is being played behind the curtains, by whom? for what purpose? - oh nobody knows (sang) i felt that this episode was really the river of the game - poker term - and everything is coming to an end. those with the best cards are going all in and i cannot wait to see who gets the highest hand.mr. robot's appearances make us remember why the show is named after his character as not only the actor's work is good but the character himself is simply captivating. he is officially shown as the alpha and no one seems to be superior than him. not even... elliot's appearances are as always remarkable and enjoyable. but in this game of wits, is he truly another player? is he the dealer or is he simply a member of the audience? - oh nobody knows - he still misses control over things but could it be about to change?angela surprised me on this one. we saw too much of her in the last episode and now just enough. but as always she only brought more confusion. meanwhile, tyrell just keeps drowning into his need for power...overall, this episode is the kind that makes no sense until it makes so much. the second half reveals so many secrets kept through the season - some more obvious than others - but those last five minutes just blow minds. everything is chaos until it unravel to some of the greatest plot twists of the season.i give it a 10/10 because not only was it on par with the pilot episode, it thrilled me from the beginning to the very last second with overall the most captivating scenes/episode so far this season. oh and i just loooove that white rose character! holy shit
 this episode is everything perfect about television. kudos to sam esmail for taking me on a rollercoaster of a ride that i have not felt since the episode "half measures" of breaking bad.this twist does not seemingly come out of left field and yet we the viewers are still in shock by it. elliot talking to the viewer is absolutely nothing new. neither is the fact that he has delusions, evident by the fact that ecorp is always referred to as evil corp. the fact that darlene is his sister was a huge shock, and even more of a shock that mr. robot is likely his father. the episode now sets up the idea that none of this is real, and elliot is only seeing what he perceives is true, when in actuality it is not.more episode points include the revelation that tyrell and mr. robot not only know each other, but seem to be working together. i'm highly interested in seeing where this goes. furthermore, the murder of sharon knowles puts tyrell on the brink of insanity as well, seeing a parallel between him and elliot in their increased delusions and insanity.this episode is a masterpiece and i cannot wait to continue the series. stellar cinematography
 while providing key and jaw-dropping plotpoints, this episode clearly displays elliot's inner struggle and directly addresses the watcher (the imaginary person elliot created inside his head) to show his instability. this episode is definitely the best of the first season and leaves the watcher with the most impact out of any other. best acting on television since breaking bad
 i've been a huge fan rami malek for awhile now, i didn't realise what he was capable of playing this character that has a lot of stuff on his mind, this episode is why mr. robot was a unforgettable television experience, everything about this show is perfect. great episode, with outstanding performances
 an outstanding episode. it is not technically or cinematographically as impressive as episodes from the following seasons, but storywise and in what regards the scenario and the excellence of the actors, it's magnificent. the episode is littered with surprises and questions and make the viewers reconsider their notions about the whole story and elliot. of course, rami malek is phenomenal, as usual. but carly chaikin, near the end of the episode, delivers a perfect performance for an outstanding scene, in my eyes very difficult to play. she's a brilliant actress. one of the greatest actor of all time
 hands down, mr. malek is an spectacular actor. hes inner speechesh are well written and the way how he act when he realized the thrut : wow! hmm ... i think we are watching tv history in the making
 some pundit once said that those who make history are usually not aware of it, they are too busy just trying to get through their day.to a reviewer, the conundrum is similar. seen a lot of films and tv, did a lot of reviews here, like to believe that i can recognize greatness when i see it, but sometimes i will miss it. we will all miss it.take buffy, for example. when the show went live, it took some considerable time for even the fans to understand that something special had happened.this was before time-shifting had become institutionalized, so if you wanted to watch something, you pretty much had to watch it or lose it. and it was only when you chatted around the water cooler the next morning that you realized everyone you knew was watching the same show at the same time.i am pretty sure that this episode sets a higher bar for first person voice-over, clever camera angles, and viewer surprise than anything that came before.for those artistes who believe the essence of entertainment is not the writing or the acting or the music or anything specific -- it is simply keeping the viewer perpetually surprised, this series must seem a dream come true.so i acknowledge the wonder and the craftsmanship for posterity. but i do ask this one question -- i have watched the full series of buffy twice since it aired, end to end.ten years from, will i want to re-watch mr. robot? the glitch on time frame and point of view
 elliot has always been talking to "friend", a distant representation of audience, but this time there's deeper view on the strange habit. as his mind begins to unravel, we eventually see things revealed in clearer picture. while it focuses on elliot, the episode also showcases a couple of interesting characters.the hack progresses in speedy fashion when elliot meets with white rose, a very peculiar woman. the new character sets a brief meeting, one she insists on keeping track of, and this also triggers chain reactions for elliot. he's already more responsive from last episode, proved by his confession to his psychiatrist and now it culminates in next step.in a strange manner, elliot begins to interact more with viewer. for example narrating his action or commenting on the actual scene. while attempting to push the hack, he serendipitously finds secrets about himself too. this might be the most mind-boggling reveal yet. last few episodes gave away bits of information, yet the reveal still manages to be effectively captivating.a few highlights for other cast, tyrell and his wife are banking on desperate acts. the repercussion of his actions chases him, the more he loses control the more he falters and it traps him in a vicious cycle. his wife, while not as openly vehement, is equally disturbingly committed. there's no counseling that can help these two. angela's story is given some time here as well, she's decent, but her subplot is not as engaging as the others'.second half is dedicated for elliot, the intentionally awkward editing gives audience perspective and narrative on elliot's mind. it might be different kind of beautiful, but still a thoroughly fascinating mind. best so far
 this was insane. although the episode starts off slow, as the stakes raise it gets continuously more confusing and meta. all the chaos pays off quite well in the end, in probably the most emotionally satisfactory moment in the series up to this point.every actor is firing on all cylinders, the direction is brilliant, and the soundtrack is perfect. every aspect of this episode is done immaculately leading up to the biggest twist in the series (up to this point).the last act is one of the most meta, intense, but simultaneously uplifting and emotional sequences i have seen in a while.i will admit i called mr robot being his dad at the end of episode 2, but darlene being his sister caught me way off guard.10/10 mindblowing and perfect episode. sam esmail is a genius and i trust that this show will continue to get better. wtf yes
 i love that shows are doing this now. using the medium to push boundaries of storytelling and filmmaking in order to achieve something original and creative. the ending just changes our perceptions so much and that feels so good great
 it's really the best episode in this season i liked so much thrill/action/drama/mystery all blend together to present a booming surprise after another in each episode..
 my goodness this show is making me crazy .. so happily insanely crazy .. last episode boom "it's your father" this episode kaaboom "it's all been you!! you are the one who started it all".. you know that moment of "edward norton" "brad pitt" criss-cross in "fight club" !! for a minute i felt that here.in this episode the whole thrill/action/drama/mystery blend together to present a surprise after another.the writers seem like don't get enough of plotting many secrets right from the first episode and revealing them one by one till it all blows up in the 9th episode..and i can't believe that this episode is still not the finale of the show ,, if this was a finale i'd surely rate it as one of the best finales i'v seen on tv ... but wait it is not !! so imagine how the finally will go !!now with the evil swedish suit guy team up with "mr. robot" project :d things are gonna get so much fun and i can't wait to see the next surprise to come . the quintessence of madness
 this episode was just another masterpiece of confusion. if you thought the last episode would blow you mind, this is another step to participating the madness of the protagonist.in the last episode we got all answers. at least it seemed like that - elliots father didn't die, his half family seemed to be involved into fscociety as an act of freeing and saving the world from evil corp. the suspicion that mr robot and the whole fsociety thing cannot be real becoming more and more unlikely. everything made sense somehow, it was like the solution of the puzzle, the way out of elliots personal maze. but this episode was the complete opposite of all the things above. all answered questions are open again. the combination of a fight-club like plot twist and a sixth sense like view on mr robot confuses more and more. we are in the middle of craziness without noticing the way to it. all the speculations has been compromised on the way to this episode and now they are all real. fall from grace to cyber rabbit hole
 there's a common element for both elliot and tyrell this time, both of them are steadily crumbling apart. these are two people who, in some way need to be in control, yet they are gradually changing as things unravel against their will. without spoiling much, elliot discovers fundamental flaw of himself after the last episode. for a usually quiet man, he has become quite volatile as he tries to cope with the revelation.the episode takes a tour on the city and surroundings with gloomier tone, visiting his memorable places and hearing his personal confessions on the past. it's all done in darker shade and away from gadgetry, a more down to earth approach in contrast with recurring high tech theme. rami malek gives an emotional performance of the character that is nearly dysfunctional.meanwhile, tyrell's mistake turns into a snow ball, practically ruining his life. the air of composure around him is gone, instead he's shown a more desperate aggression. we've seen him dishing out assault, verbal or physical, yet it's how he takes the punishment that will make him into equal polar opposite of elliot. darlene and angela join up for a few brief moments. they might not be as engaging as elliot, but they still give a decent chemistry and serve well as anchors.with finale closing in, it's fascinating to see whether this peculiar version of beautiful mind executes his plan perfectly or falls apart and self-destructs. gripping penultimate with another big twist.
 ***spoiler free section***this episode was insane. it's the sort of episode that makes it unbearable to watch week to week. i want to watch the next episode right now! it threw everything into question, and yet answered so much.first of all, i loved the opening scene. it made excellent use of time lapse technology fpr a truly memorable ending to the scene. it was also our first real flashback. plus, it contains an awesome mention of my favourite movie of all time. i don't really like the kid they have as young elliot, though.then, things start barrelling along at quite a pace. everyone is unhinged in this episode; gideon's whole corporation is falling apart, tyrell is losing his job, his wife, his life, elliot is questioning everything he thinks he knows, and things are starting to fall apart for angela too.***spoiler section***it turns out that it was the twist from fight club all along. when i first thought about the possibility, i thought it would be really cool with the way they've set it up, but at the same time it would be disappointing since the show's already quite similar to fight club. however, they did it in a way that is ultimately very different.this explains a lot, such as mr. robot's erratic behaviour. part of the reason that i love that opening scene so much is that the twist makes you realize that it's the only time we'll ever get to see the real mr. robot, making that scene even more incredibly sad.however, it does definitely open up some plot holes. for example; when elliot is in withdrawal and mr. robot helps him to get drugs in episode 4, the guard talks to mr. robot and elliot separately, telling one to stay and the other to go in. also, someone had to have rescued him when things went south; he was in no state to leave of his own accord, and i seriously doubt that the other hackers saved him, since they left before he made the decision to do that. maybe the whole thing was a hallicination? that would be kind of lame. hopefully this will be adressed at some point. elliot discovers more shocking truths about his family, and tyrell turns over a new leaf.
 i was compelled to write my first review ever because this episode is just that good. it is stylish and mind-bending, and its homage to fight club is flawless; the cover of where is my mind that plays as tyrell looks upon elliot's hideout and learns of his exploits basically smacks viewers in the face, making the show's similarities to fight club painfully obvious. i enjoyed the pain, though. i wonder whether the song foreshadows that their relationship will come to resemble jack's--or joe's, if you happen to be a palahniuk snob--relationship with marla, but without all the sport copulating, of course. i've read some reviews that express disappointment that elliot is mr. robot, but i was overjoyed to learn this--as well as anxious to discover whether the other members of fsociety actually exist, aside from darlene, who simply must exist (right?). if i wasn't hooked before, i am now. this episode left me more confused than before i had watched it.
 after a great series of 9 episodes we finally arrive at the 10th episode, the season finale. but to be honest it felt like a set up for the second season rather than a conclusion to this season.it left the viewers dumbfounded. hungry for explanations. where is tyrell? what is going on with elliot? why are the evil corp. people so chilled out? what is white_rose planning? what was with the opening shot with micheal or whatever his name is? where is the dog? this is just the tip of the iceberg of unanswered questions bigger than the one responsible for sinking the titanic. this show is a masterpiece and i am ready to give it the benefit of doubt but this anticlimactic finale has sadly left a sour taste in my mouth.the saving grace was the post credits scene which has given some insight towards what we can expect from the next season. now we must wait. what is the new world order?
 this question has nothing to do with the review but "when the world falls, where will you stand?" this is a question you might find an answer to in this season finale.now for the main event this finale has presented the aftermath of a somewhat successful revolution. fsociety & ass. have done their worst and the world is now a better place to live in. well is it? is that it? the world shall now rise from the ashes and be reborn anew? what did you expect? you know it couldn't bethis finale goes all out in an hour and half episode showing a realistic depiction of the world year zero after the fall. two themes are strongly exploited through it all and they are: confusion and darkness. oh yes. this episode is fifty shades darker than the rest of the season and by that i do not mean kinky you filthy reader. i mean dark.the opening scenes make a great and subtle job putting us in context and do make use of recent covered real-life events which i find lacked after the first episode. the rest of the episode is a search for answers and oneself from both angela and elliott. this part of it gets dark and "real" very fast. real footages are shown, brand names are dropped – some censored but hey – and usa network prove that they do not lack on resources. new environments, great use of the public spaces and of public/extras, everything is there to make it feel real. the episode concludes into the greatest/realest monologue since elliot's "why do i despise society" monologue and with an after-credit scene very much worth watching.the cameras work is loyal to itself and as always do not disappoint. the actor's work is in my opinion flawless and even minor characters are given a time to shine in for some reason always the darkest way possible. fsociety members are shown too but really it is more to cover plot holes than anything else. no menaces, no nothing but trust me that will come later (in mr. robot's voice). one thing however that might have went overboard is the use of music. in previous episodes, it occurred that actual music was used in often subtle ways to provide more to the scene but this time, despite the fact that they were well-chosen, there was too much and they were too loud in my opinion.in conclusion, a great season ending to a great new and very promising show, setting up a very mature second season that i am expecting very much. now let's play jeopardy "the emergence of a totalitarian world government operated by an elite of organizations and corporations" after seeing seasons 2 and 3, i appreciate this episode a lot more.
 i was not a fan of this episode when it first broadcast; i was deeply frustrated by a combination of unanswered questions and scenes that seemed pointless to the overall story. i think my frustration might also have been amplified by the fact that i had to wait two weeks to see this episode; the broadcast was pushed back at the last minute due to a similarity between a scene in the episode and a real-life tragedy. however, having re-watched the episode after seeing the resolutions to these mysteries and where the story goes in seasons 2 and 3, i like this episode a lot more and completely understand why esmail decided to structure the story in the way he did. while i no longer agree with it, i have included my original review below as i don't believe in erasing history.my original review
--------------------------------
too many questions, not enough answers.holy hell, where to start? i suppose with the controversy. yes, the episode was postponed due to a "graphic on-screen shooting". having now seen it, i am glad that usa network chose not to water it down, but simply delayed a week. the impact of that scene was too important. most networks would have just made the show-runners change it.first of all, we check in with that loser from the first episode who was dating christa. while the scene was good, it had no effect on the story, and stole runtime from things that desperately needed it.the time jump at the start was initially confusing, but once i got a grip on it, i really liked where they were going with this. overall, i thought the scenes with angela working at e(vil) corp were the strongest. they were beautifully written and acted.meanwhile, darlene and the hackers celebrate and dispose of the evidence. again, while these scenes were okay, they really felt like they were just detracting from the precious runtime.finally, elliot and mr. robot. when that big twist was revealed last episode, i initially thought that it was full of holes. then, i spent the extra week re-watching the show, and found that everything fit very well. there was only one hole i could find (the one mentioned in my review of last episode), and even that i believe i have an explanation for. in the end, it actually works out better than fight club, with fewer holes, less contrivance, and a more compelling and multi-layered character arc.but, i felt like they wasted that setup in this episode. sure there were some cool scenes involving conflict between elliot and mr. robot, but they tried to go for an ambiguous ending, which blew up in their face. that's been the one flaw with this show since episode four; it doesn't know how to handle absolute ambiguity. it tries to be arty but ends up confusing. for the record, i am not opposed to ambiguity. i loved the post-credit scene and all the questions it raised. i just honestly thought that the final scenes were directed poorly. once we see season 2, the whole thing will probably be given artistic resonance, and become clever. but until that happens, this is a weak ending to a great show.
----------------------------------------
end of original reviewagain, having now seen the later seasons of the show i no longer feel that way about the episode. if you find this episode as frustrating as i did back then, just be patient. in time, the show justifies every decision made in this episode. you want to talk about reality?
 first of all i'm glad this episode picks up some time after the actual plan has transpired, with elliot having virtually no memory of the event - i can understand that some people might be upset that the finale is very much character drama rather than a climactic hacking episode, but i think that is more true to the show as we experience it through elliot for the most part and can understand his madness and selective memories all the better.as i mentioned character drama, i kind of have to mention the recent revelation of elliot's true family - whom had been right in front of him the whole time - and the further reveal, that i confess i didn't foresee, that mr. robot has actually been dead the whole time, and elliot has been doing whatever he has been doing as well in a strange split personality schism. this definitely raises some questions, such as why darlene wasn't confused when she met back up with the real elliot and he was acting completely differently to his 'mr. robot' persona; or, what was actually happening during the steel mountain hack - especially with mr. robot driving the car and, i swear, dialogue between him and mobley and romero. i don't think either are a bad story choice at all, but i do hope they take some time in season 2 to explain some logic about elliot's illness. if anything, the layered familiar relations between darlene and angela serves to make both of them more interesting - i have been a little dubious about liking darlene, and though angela's storyline has remained interesting, with a great payoff in this episode of her actually joining evil corp and providing a different, kind of nihilistic perspective of the events, i can say now that i am invested in both female leads. maybe i'm still upset that shaina was killed off so early.i can't fault the episode at all in its presentation. the song choices and score work perfectly and there's a lot of subtext seen in the framing: changed now from showing elliot at the side or in the far corner of the shot to having him in the centre of the screen after his memories start to come back and he becomes 'whole' again. the effort behind emptying out times square in elliot's breakdown must have been immense, unless its all just visual effects. still, it provides a great concluding scene to the season. i almost missed the after-credits scene revealing the interesting twist of some collusion between evil corp's ceo and the elusive whiterose. i'm certainly not deterred at all from continuing into season 2 - hopefully when the show starts to completely and totally come into its own. i have faith in sam esmail as a forward-thinking showrunner and rami malek plays a great crazy, unique character. good ending to a very solid opening season
 greetings from lithuania.final episode of "mr. robot" season 1 gave us some answers as well as many new questions. acting was solid by all involved as well as screenplay and directing. overall, season 1 was interesting experience, in many ways different then many shows these days. there isn't one straight plot line, well there is actually, but everything around it plays not in a convenient way. sometimes this show isn't easy to understand, and not due to some technical talk - it is a story about hacker, family but not about hacking itself - and i was pleased with that. music was phenomenal in all episodes, dark and gritty, and only by the end of last episode it was more hopeful and light.overall, i will return to the second season of "mr.robot". while it's not my favorite show our there, it is a pretty damn good one. great finale of an even greater show
 this tv show met me at a very strange time in my life. see what i did there? this was one of the best seasons i have ever watched. if they continue this kind of writing next season, this will be as big as breaking bad and game of thrones. let's just hope it won't go all true detictive on us. but i am sure this won't be the case. this episode was actually more like great exposition for next season than a final. it gave us more questions than it answered. i was rather disappointed that we didn't see any tyrell in this episode. just what happened there? are he and elliot really the same person? or did he shoot him with the gun from the popcorn machine? it really added a lot of mystery and suspense for the next season. the acting, writing, sound design were stellar as always. sami malek and christian slater are really killing it here. i am looking forward to next season. should have ended s01 in 2nd last episode
 watched 3rd and 2nd last episodes and both were classic, and i was disappointed in last episode. wasn't so good as i expected. they should have ended s101 in 8 episodes. last scene of episode 9 (season 1)
 i've been a big fan of this plot twists and complex realitys in tv shows, the last scene in this episode wasn't a major plot twist on any kind, but i'd like to make a remark on the symbolism of this one: tyrell is taken to the arcade by elliot, and begins to ask questions on fsociety, elliot is just answering that he does not know, during this dialogue, a beautiful piano cover of "where is my mind" from the pixies begins playing. it just adds up in the scene, it makes the whole episode be worth it! great tv show, i'm gonna say this one goes on the level of lost or the leftovers!(leftovers had already used this piano cover on season 2 on a also stunning scene). chaos will rise!.. :s :(
 what does it give us?.. okay, mr. elliot alderson kicked the evil in the head, but who is to say that all will be not for nothing and the evil will not claim their throne once again, this time by force ten times better and scarier!..upon the revelations that mr. robot is in fact the very self of mr. elliot alderson and ms. darlene is his very own sister that he was raised together with; we are first relaxed and eased, for we were trying to understand the weird position mr. robot and ms. darlene are in in all of these. and secondly, we wondered what happened to mr. tyrell wellick, which is a riddle from the start of the show to this moment. where is he!!? (i am a teenager, you win.)special thanks to mr. martin wallström, mr. christian slater and mr. rami malek who got better episode by episode! no doubt you were great, too, ms. carly chaikin! wow!.. ms. portia doubleday, i do not forget your hard efforts. you will be better soon.so, for the last time, surely we should make the world a better place; but the way we do should be of harmony, not of chaos!.. for chaos will only bring about chaos...i will give this episode a "9,0."here is a verse of the gracious koran in which my culture roots:"and on the earth are neighboring tracts, vineyards and ploughed lands, and date-palms, like and unlike, which are watered with one water.; and some of them we prefer in produce above others. surely in that are signs for a people who understand."the 4th verse in the 13th chapter called the thunder, in the koran. justification of reform
 mesmerised by the sheer amount of content successfully put across, i was surprised by how well the intrinsic elements of reform is illustrated. life of all human beings in the world has a common denominator of being governed by money, yet it is money that sets us apart. debts, earnings, incomes, familial financial burden; all the reasons to drive us commit rational yet insane acts merely to sustain our existence.the detail that eliot is a schizophrenic boils down to his emotional instability and insecurity. haunted by his father's death, he creates another personality of mr robot to rationalise his actions and thoughts. even though the eliot personality has merely nebulous ideas of the ideology to bring about a change to the world, it is the other personality that takes concrete actions to conduct the project.without a shadow of doubts, many viewers must have been crippled by the thought of how easily one's personal information can be hacked. it is clear that eliot hacks everyone he encounters so that he would save himself form the feeling of insecurity, having no clue of the other human beings. yet, it brings us the the question, how well do we actually know the person sitting across us? and is having access to complete knowledge of one enables us to comprehend such a person and hence, have an upper hand in the encounter or conversation?i adore the narration of the movie, from the powerful monologues by elliot, to the crippling characters who once appear impenetrable. however, it would even be more exquisite had the narration been more focused with a slightly faster pace. i find some details unnecessarily lengthened, such as the death of shayla, the persuasion of elliot by mr robot to join fsociety. deeper into insanity...
 season 2 starts with a bold premiere episode/episodes, it delves into elliot's mind a lot deeper than the entertaining but surface level season 1 and gets a lot darker, almost apocalyptic which is fitting coming off of last season's finale. this episode without the context of the rest of season 2 is understandably confusing and messy but with that context it becomes a much weightier and more important episode. i'm not going into spoilers here but i will say that although i don't agree with some of the criticisms of season 2 i can at least understand them. i'm gonna give this first part an 8.7, it marks a turning point for the story of the show and sets this season's tone apart from the others. elliot tries to better himself in season 2
 now that mr. robot has been revealed, the start of the second season brings elliot's imaginary father back into the fold. it's understandable since he's currently trying to ignore or defeat his alter ego instead of cooperating with him like in previous seasons. mr. robot has been become a huge nuisance, to the viewer and to elliot more importantly. i start to empathize with elliot since i too, am annoyed of mr. robot putting his nose in elliot's affairs.it's interesting to see elliot's hallucinations of mr. robot killing people to not be real. as we saw before, mr. robot's actions were actually elliot's actions. instead, he's just hallucinating horrific things that he's not actually doing himself.how elliot will defeat mr. robot throughout the rest of season 2 is what's compelling me to watch the rest of the show. also note that elliot no longer trusts the person he's talking to (us), how will we regain his trust? why the hate?
 honestly love this episode. i've seen people complaining about the show being unrealistic and having a cliché twist. yes, of course there are some liberties taken in the realism. if every show were realistic to the detail it would be boring. imagine if walter white threw that crystal in breaking bad and it didn't blow up and tuco just beat him up and the show ended there. also although the twist has definitely been done to death i think it's done best here, i've always thought fight club was overrated but the twist actually has buildup and emotional depth in mr robot which makes it feel more important. honestly don't understand the hate. way better than anything else on tv at the moment enthralling second half to a confident premiere
 i liked this second half of the premiere even more than the first. it feels better balanced and better paced, and generally contains more significant events. i do hope that the plots begin to converge at some point this season; they all seem very separate from each other at the moment. hopefully elliot will soon make his return to the wide world. as it is, his story-line is high on hallucination and the abstract. it's really good, but also hard to follow and occasionally pretentious. it would serve them some good to perhaps ground his story a little more in some sort of consistent reality, or at least throw him out of his environment, back into the main story. as things are, our main character is completely separated from the action. that can't last forever, and it won't. i'm just saying that it would be good if things were to change sooner rather than later, so this season can really get rolling. the end of the episode makes it seem like this could happen very soon.the episode focuses heavily on angela and joanna respectively, neither of whom appeared in the first part. i was particularly excited to check in with angela again; the transformation she is undergoing is equal parts satisfying and horrifying to watch. elliot is dismayed when he meets a stranger who upsets his daily routine. rami malek is always fantastic in the role, but he had one scene in particular to shine this episode, and shine he did.i was pleasantly surprised when i discovered that the scene i thought would end this episode ended up opening it; the deal in the park that was set up at the end of the first part. instead, the ending has a couple small twists and an emotional punch. angela is becoming such an a-hole!!!
 just as stated in the title, she is now unreasonable, narcissistic, and so freaking bossy... she's becoming unbearable to watch. please cut her storyline if she continues to be like this!!! completely, totally, unabashedly insane... and i loved every minute of it!
 i'll admit, i was lukewarm on the two-part premiere. it had some great stuff, but it also a little clunky at times. in a way, it feels like that was a prologue and this is the real premiere. everything in this episode was top-notch, but i give particular props to the directing. the episode juxtaposed smooth, cinematic sequences with scenes straight out of a david lynch film. much of it is disturbing in a way that makes you laugh nervously. i'm curious to see if the out-there nature of this episode is going to alienate people. some of the people disappointed with the last episode called it "bland". that's one thing this episode could certainly never be accused of being.the episode opens with a flashback to romero showing mobly the arcade for the first time. this re-introduces the arcade, re-introduces romero, adds some poignant backstory, and creates a parallel with the end of the episode. then there are some stunning new york helicopter shots.the real standout of the episode is the scenes with elliot. rami malek's performance is, as always, a highlight. he goes completely off the rails in this one, providing some really disturbing lynchian imagery. his scenes left me uncomfortable yet exhilarated. there is a torture scene, an adderol montage, a deranged rant in the church, and a striking conversation with ray. his relationship with ray is increasingly mysterious. there is a scene in this episode involving ray that i do not understand at all.some interesting events play out around romero, getting all the f society characters involved. when i initially saw it, i thought it was a twist on a scene in the first season, but then i realized why it couldn't be that. whatever the case, it seems as though it will be at the centre of the driving action of the story this season.i thought dipierro's introduction in the last episode was really awkward and confusing. i did not understand what was going on between her and the man at the counter of the store. this episode does a much better job of providing insight into her character. we learn that she is abrasive, anti-social, and lonely. she also gets a significant purpose in the story (something which was notably absent from last episode).even when scenes didn't involve crazy lynchian imagery, the directing was still totally on point. for example, there is a scene in pryce's office with angela. the long pauses and constant wide angle made it wonderfully uncomfortable. in a later scene, pryce makes angela an interesting offer.going back over it in my mind, i can't believe how much they crammed into this one episode. it really is incredible, in a wonderfully mad fashion. can i tell you a secret?
 this is one of my favourite episodes in any tv shows at any time. elliot on speed is so well acted or hes speech in churchgroup: that is one of the greatest speeches ever. third time to watch this and i never get enough of this. best episode of a tv show this year
 sam esmail has written and directed the perfect television episode, which is an unrelenting, beautiful, intense, masterpiece.from the outset (which had elements of tarantino) to the framing and movement he brings from tod campbell, to the final act. there is not a single dropped frame that doesn't hold emotional, metaphorical, and literal meaning in eps2.1.everyone does extremely well in this, but i had to pull out michael cristofer for what he does here. reminding me a little of his character in rubicon (they have very different make ups, of course) in just how much depth is built in to what is going on with every word he says. doubleday also for similar reasons.this is just a ridiculously fantastic piece of film making. it's worth watching the whole series just to get to this point. a slight and necessary slowing of pace
 all throughout the series we have been seeing plot twists left and right, the anxiety and psychosis has been a feature on most episodes. this gets old after a while, and this episode gives the series a very necessary slowing of pace to make things easier to digest.while you won't find big developments story-wise you are fed a lot of background on different characters which , in my opinion, helps make them deeper and actually improves character development.i hope the series keeps on with the character development and stops relying so much on the shock factor and the unexpected twists, which can only happen so many times before viewers get frustrated with the series, overall a very good episode. perfectly mixes great character scenes and violent climaxes
 this episode contains three abrupt and violent scenes that each serve to tie off or complicate a particular plot. the horror and realism of these scenes are greatly enhanced by the cinematography, which is outstanding.i've noticed that this season has an odd approach to introducing characters; it doesn't really do anything to introduce them. they just sort of show up. the viewer is supposed to fill in what gaps they can and wait for more information. that's a great tactic in moderation, but when used too much it becomes extremely disorienting and prevents the viewer from investing in the character. some examples are kareem, dipierro, the guy with a reddened eye, and ray (although i actually appreciated it in his case). the thing that i really like about this episode is that it takes leaps and bounds in both explaining these plots and wrapping them up. for instance, dipierro (whose introduction was a strange scene in a convenience store that i still do not fully understand) has grown to be one of my favourite characters on the show, in no small part due to this episode. she and others from the fbi travel to china where they meet whiterose. the two of them have a really great scene together; the actors have a lot of chemistry, and the writing is on point. the contrast of a masculine woman and an effeminate man plays very well on screen. some of the dialogue makes me begin to wonder if whiterose has a split personality. there is a lot of evidence to support it, and yet perhaps it would be too similar to the situation with elliot.there were lots of other great character scenes in this one, too many to go over. it looks like episode five (if you count both parts of the premiere as one) is going to be the big hack, which parallels the fact that episode five of season one was also a big hack episode. perhaps that will be an inter-season tradition. like how the ninth episode of every other game of thrones season is a big battle episode. something is brewing...
 until the last couple of episodes we had seen a very fast (and often confusing) unfolding of events, this has now switched to a more paced, friendly development which now allows spectators to really appreciate character development, which is imo has been severely underrated and has provided us with a plethora of interesting and driven characters, something that perhaps was missing during season 1.this episode is probably the best so far in this season, the plot is getting thicker everywhere, you are not completely sure about what is going on at times which keeps you on the edge of your seat. this episode seems pivotal for story development and as always cinematography and music are on point. dominique's investigation heads to china, elliot snoops into ray's business, and angela technically joins f-society.
 trigger warning(s): gun violence | needlesmain plot (with commentary)topic 1: surrounded by incompetence & fools (dominique)dominique, long ago, had a chance for romance. however, she decided to run from a proposal and work her way up in the fbi instead. a job in which people are constantly messing with evidence and making it inadmissible. but, with a trip to china, to forge a coalition to figure out the culprits behind the 5/9 attack, she finds herself coming face to face with white rose. well, white rose's alter ego minister of state security zhang.|commentary|you have to admit that minister zhang being white rose makes so much sense, in terms of why white rose was speaking in a masculine tone to mr. price. however, what doesn't necessarily make sense is why both zhang and dominique open up to each other? why does zhang show dominique his "sister's" clothing and her bedroom? granted, in the last scene we see dominique her colleagues are massacred, but who is to say with, i'm sure, both minister zhang and white rose desiring discretion, they had an active role? then with dominique confiding in zhang, again you ask why? is it she wants someone to know her story? i mean, "the mask" is a consistent theme of this season so it could be as zhang was revealing her mask dominique was revealing hers. the one she wore when trying to be the girlfriend, a future wife, and mother, but once it became clear that was a real possibility, she threw that mask off and ran. something, i think, she might regret just a little bit.topic 2: this is for your own protection (darlene and angela)darlene loves her big brother, so if she has to work with angela to keep him from being targeted by the fbi for the 5/9 attack, she will. thankfully, though, being that she could go down too and because ollie is making passive threats, angela agrees to help. elliot isn't happy about it, but with angela just needing to plant a device on the floor the fbi leases from evil corp, it seems like an easy, though potentially dangerous, job.|commentary|with every step, angela's mask seems to be tightening. perhaps it was uncomfortable at first, but with her taking it off less and less you can see she is growing used to it. the problem with that is, a simple mask or a change in attitude, can't really prepare you for f- society. so even though angela has been an accessory before, now she is a fully engaged and active participant. especially with darlene having her meet some of the core members of f-society.leading to two quick questions: the first being, is darlene trying to make that guy who took a picture with the wall street bull's testicles a fall guy or should we take him seriously? second, realistically could elliot's dreams for him and angela ever really come true?topic 3: you know far too much (elliot)as elliot hacks the fbi on ray's computer, he still has the job ray asked him to do. something which leads him to ask for ray's former guy, rt, to get involved. someone who shows up with bruises and injuries and this leads to elliot asking questions and discovering ray is operating a black market. one which sells drugs, girls, hit-man, and weapons. ray discovers elliot knows and with him snooping comes elliot getting his ass whooped. likely making it where, like rt, elliot is now at ray's beck and call, unless he figures out a way to get that season 1 type of justice on ray.|commentary|there is always the need for a fall guy. someone has to be the walls of defense for the hackers when people start snooping around. for a minute it seemed elliot/ mr. robot was going to use ray as a fall guy. however, that plan went to hell once elliot met rt and started asking questions. lest we forget, when we met elliot he was hacking for justice. but now with this discovery you are left wondering what is elliot, much less mr. robot, to do? if elliot dies or is forced to work on other things besides these grand schemes mr. robot has, that is a problem. so let's see how ray ends up disposed of since i don't think robinson is due back for season 3.-things to note-~ms. wellick has her formerly paid off liability, kareem, killed. also, tyrell may have sent a gift for the baby. as well as send some sort of sign that he is close by.-highlights- ~dominique and her fbi team being part of a shootout with a currently unidentified group.-low points-~ms. wellick remaining just someone who reminds us tyrell is out there somewhere. doing what, who knows?-on the fence-~elliot learning ray is into some black market stuff, and getting beat up for knowing, has me on the fence. elliot is a hacker and while this show has always had violence, elliot hasn't really been the victim. his battles were always with mr. robot so i can't say ray being his opposition is neither a welcomed or undesirable change. it shakes things up, for sure, but only time will tell if it is for the better or not.~angela becoming, sort of, part of fsociety is weird to me. that and darlene introducing her to the crew. i mean, one complaint i had in the past was how separate her story felt early in the season, but now i have grown to like that for it gave some form of normalcy to the season. now that option is gone and who knows what lies ahead. the most delightfully implausible pairing ever!
 never mind that an forensic information tech fbi agent would likely not get sent on a mission to china, the possibility of being alone with the head of state security for the people's republic of china in his bedroom, discussing frocks, while an international diplomatic party is going on downstairs could not be more impossible, it could not also be more delightful. almost great
 the fighting scenes are poorly done, but that isn't what this show is about so i can live with it. rest of the episode was awesome as usual. "keep your eyes on the road in front of you"
 i sat in astonishment for the first 15 minutes, barely believing i was watching the right show, as many viewers probably did. this bold move to change the whole genre of a tv series for this first third of the episode is one of the most unexpected moments i have ever seen on tv! this perfect depiction of a 90's sitcom is gets a really creepy feel when the laugh-track (that only elliot seems to be able to hear) laughs sadistically at the beatings, and even murders happening on screen.afterwards we find out that this was a really clever way to look inside the unconscious mind of the beat-up elliot, living back some exaggerated memories from his childhood. an old sitcom is airing on screen next to his hospital bed, which explains the full-house-esque style. the line "keep your eyes on the road in front of you" that mr robot says to elliot in the beginning part, is repeated in a memory that elliot has about the mr. robot shop his father owned.all in all, the first 15 minutes make this the best episode of the second season so far in my opinion, and at this point i have no idea any more what to expect from the next episodes. a ballsy move, and i loved it
 man, some people will absolutely hate this episode, at least the first 20 minutes of it. i personally grinned throughout all of it, but i tend to always like when a bleak and dark tv-show decides to suddenly switch on an humour button or do a complete 180 in style and mood, and this was amping it up to the max. i'll even admit that it went on for a bit too long, but i can see how sam esmail could have been like "let's troll the hell out of my audience and drag this out". that's why i give this episode a 10, because he actually went there, the dark comedy was perfectly executed, i found it incredibly amusing and it will definitely become one of those memorable episodes that will pop up in everybody's head whenever someone mentions the tv-show, whether you liked it or not.as for the rest of the episode, the long one-shot scenes were amazing, especially with how they handled the music. some will probably say there wasn't a lot plot progression, which is true, but it's unfair to call it a filler episode. i found the ending particularly to be a big moment for our two main characters. let's not forget that character development is just as important as plot. whacky and offbeat in the most wonderful way
 part of me is still wondering if i hallucinated the first twenty minutes of this episode. it is done in the style of an old sitcom, and it is particularly reminiscent of full house. every aspect is perfectly replicated, from the colour saturation to the laugh track to the aspect ratio to the line deliveries. there's even a fake commercial break with fake commercials thrown in. the only part that does not conform to this aesthetic is elliot. rami malek delivers all the shock and bewilderment that any real person would experience if they suddenly found that their life was a sitcom. the contrast of rami's straight performance with the zany, quaint world surrounding him creates an escalating sense of unease. the tension is also added to by the brief flashes of darker elements that appear in this sequence. for example, elliot's mother suddenly extinguishes a cigarette on darlene's arm when she refuses to turn off her gameboy.because the sitcom opening ate up two fifths of the episode, it did not advance the plot anywhere near as much as the previous episodes have. most of the story lines were only nudged along slightly. there was only one that got a lot of screen time and forward movement this week, and that was the fbi hack. we get to see it executed... sort of. it's kind of left on a bit of a cliffhanger. the cinematography of the hacking sequence is quite interesting; long tracking shots are used a lot to convey the flow of movement and the feeling of being watched, but occasionally are interspersed with flurries of close-ups to heighten discomfort.i really enjoyed the interplay between mr robot and elliot towards the end of this episode. the ending scene is quirky and offbeat in a more subtle and reserved way than the opening, and can be connected to it thematically in a number of ways.i really appreciated the peculiarity of this episode. i've been having a weird day, and this episode felt oddly fitting. i'm really curious to see how people respond to this episode. i wouldn't be surprised if some people hated it, i wouldn't be surprised if everybody loved it. whatever the case, i think sam esmail is a genius. flawless
 this is the craziest and most stunning episode of any series i've ever watched. it is truly flawless. one of the only pieces of entertainment who has struck such a deep and peronal bond to me and made me physically react out of cheer amazement. original like never before!
 we will look back at this episode as a pivot point never before seen on television or probably elsewhere. i'm sure in some sci-fi novel this kinda thing has happened, but never on tv, never.i thought mr r jumped shark and like some gave up on this show. people lack faith. we are all guilty of lacking faith. ballsy? oh yeah. original. yup! deep and over most of the heads watching? probably. this kinda stuff is something we, no me, feels. best way i can explain it is watching a drummer play jazz and then for no reason at all play a rock beat. it makes no sense at first, but it is done just to do it.psychologically (and i need to be brief here) what happened the first 15 minutes was something a great therapist might try (there are so few great ones so they won't get it) and that is to alter reality when reality doesn't work. to get out of head, to shift a paradigm so deeply it refreshes and reboots the system. get it now? you need to get it because life will crash down on you. when it does, can you reboot? can you? can you? can you? oh...drinking another beer isn't what i mean. watching more porn isn't what i mean. going into fantasy isn't what i mean.the end. wow!
 i mean wow. this must have been the best thing i've seen in television in my entire life. i gave 10 stars to four movies in imdb and now this. i can't even believe this a tv show, it has so much quality, so many great movie references, the writing, the cinematography, the dialogues, the camera work, the originality, it is insanely good. sam esmail is a genious and i am truly happy i discovered mr. robot in 2019. even if the rest of the series doesn't cope, it was worth just getting to this episode, this amazing opening and everything else. i am in an awe of talent from this team. sweet cinematic dreams are made of this! mind blown!
 wow...this show continues to keep the viewer on their toes. just when you think you have it figured out...bam, an insane twist. the main characters are at such a high level that they keep you gasping for more. the ending of this episode proved once again that this is some of the best writing on television... ray takes elliot's life, darlene, once more, has taken command and thankfully, angela is more capable than she appears. though dominique is closing in.
 trigger warning(s): blood | needle injectiontopic 1: i'm still your father elliot (elliot & mr. robot)for a quarter of the episode, we are treated to a warped 90s sitcom version of mr. robot. one filled with canned laughter, mr. robot and his wife together, and the mom knocking darlene out a few times. this whole scenario though is just mr. robot trying his best to distract elliot. not just from tyrell and that situation, but from the pain which is coming from him getting his assaulted by ray's thugs. who, at this point, seem like they will drag elliot from wherever he is at ray's beck and call. just like rt.commentarythe war between mr. robot and elliot has gone on for so long that you sometimes forget this man was his father. the man known as mr. robot is the one who got elliot into computers and while he had his moments, like pushing elliot out of a window, that wasn't the sum of their relationship. he is the one who, by means, of course, elliot sometimes doesn't understand, is trying to protect elliot, give him purpose, and not have him whittle away his life in meaningless tasks. granted, you could argue mr. robot is just the true elliot and he is projecting this being in his father's image, but on the other hand who is to say elliot doesn't see dead people, gets possessed every now and again, and this ghost, which maybe his dad or just impersonating him, isn't trying to just live vicariously through elliot?focusing on the ray situation, i must admit that i'm starting to see ray as more of a means to slow down the season and fill its episode count vs. him being a compelling villain. it began with him coming off too nice, a tad bit crazy, and then an attempt to have him say the type of things only rami malek can say and make it sound quote worthy. now with him being some black market tech gangster, as much as i want to take him seriously i just feel like rolling my eyes half the time.topic 2: breaking into the fbi (darlene, angela, and dominique)angela goes into the fbi floor at e-corp, which is being packed up because that chinese assault has left them feeling vulnerable, and she does as darlene asks her to. the only problem being, the wifi goes down right before angela can do a victory lap and at her desk, trying to finish what she started, dominique shows up. someone who, after what happened in china, is recommended to take off a month. but due to the way her peers have handled this investigation, she doesn't make that even seem like an option. especially since she believes the hit was orchestrated by the dark army and not some chinese separatist group named uighur.commentaryall eyes are on dominique. despite being the opposition to f- society, she perhaps is one of the few characters, outside of elliot, and sometimes darlene, who you can't wait till things are focused on her. like her mother and sister, grace gummer, even without the meaningful dialog which is what attracts me to this show, there is this something about her which puts a jolt into the scene. not to downplay angela, for i really do love watching her transition from a mouse to a lioness, like when she was trying to remember the codes necessary so darlene could do what she had to do. it is just, a part of me feels angela will always be tied down to being the person elliot wants but can't have. dominique doesn't have that rope on her leg and with us getting to see this lonely person who is married to her work, despite all the other depictions of this, the tone and vibe of mr. robot brings something new to it and gummer flourishes.things to noteno signs of tyrell's wife this week, but mr. price does get screen time and allow us to know the the government isn't that keen on his bailout. for never mind, the amount of money he is asking for, but being that they would have to borrow money from the chinese, who they question may have been involved in the killing of fbi agents, needless to say, they don't want any type of association.cisco tries to talk tough with the dark army and with that he is reminded he is a foot soldier and, based on dominique's theory, it is hard to not believe these "uighur separatists" were not associated with the dark army. even if white rose simply fooled them into helping her cause.highlightsgummer is really making a case for her to be more than just an adversary who pops up one season and is gone the next. unlike ray, there are layers of complexity that you want explored even as she is on the journey to take down your favorite characters on the show.i continue to enjoy angela's fight to become tougher, more assertive, and adaptable to unfavorable situations. low pointsi just hope this ray thing doesn't drag out too long. while ray was interesting at first, it is starting to feel like he is creating filler more so than creating a means toward progress. even if he is, arguably, helping to bring mr. robot and elliot together and on the same team.on the fencewhile, for the most part, i enjoyed the 90s sitcom opening and the comedic bits of it, i must admit sometimes i was as bewildered about it as elliot was. especially when it came to elliot's mom knocking out darlene, mr. robot and elliot's mom robbing a store, and the comical violence part of the dream in general. never cried this hard for years from a show
 there's some satirical 80's american family television show at the first 15 minutes of the episode, i guess? i don't really know about american television because i don't live there. it's actually funny and refreshing because it's very different from this show's theme, and it's beautiful because you can see the alderson family trip with full member even though it's not real.after i watched the first season i always wanted to see the real elliot's father more because most of the time his figure throughout the show were shown as mr robot and i don't really like him. finally, at the last minutes of this episode there's a flashback scene of elliot's father talking to young elliot revealing about his illness and telling him not to tell anyone about that (it was mentioned before in season 1) and the origin of the mr robot name. i was crying so hard throughout the scene, everytime elliot's father talk i cried even harder because he was actually a sweet dad. well, at least that was as far as what this episode reveal of him, i'm not sure about when he was dying in hospital and he wasn't nice to elliot when he was around him but i hope elliot's father was a great father until his death. fun
 what a fun episode to watch in the first part ! the mixture of the pastiche and parody of a 90's sitcom with a dark undertone and humour is very well conceived. the rest of the episode is great too (great scenes with angela !). long awaited answers, lots of new questions.
 my oh my. this episode had a lot of big twists, including one that changes the nature of everything we've seen this season and everything we think we know. much like the mr robot twist last season, i predicted it within the first couple of episodes but then completely forgot about it as i was engrossed by the story. like any twist that changes the nature of things we've seen, it raises many questions about things we've seen and things we haven't seen. some of them will need answering in future episodes, but many more can be more or less solved by just thinking back on the previous episodes through a new lens. the big twist's reveal was cinematically delightful, as always in this show.another important reveal in this episode is the fate of tyrell wellick. the show has been teasing that angle of the story a lot this season, and yet the reveal was strangely anti- climatic, and doesn't entirely fit the given evidence. i'm pretty sure that there's more to it, but it's good to have something resembling an answer for now.this episode contains too many other little reveals and payoffs to recount, but it is worth noting that the episode also contains a lot of great character development. angela takes centre stage here, while ray and leon also have important moments.this season seems to alternate between episodes full of very long scenes and episodes full of very short scenes. this was the latter. curiously, the pacing feels no different between episode types. but it's obvious which is which, because episodes like this one and episode two (counting both parts of the premiere as one) cram an unbelievable amount of material in, while episodes like last one and episode three hold a lighter load despite having the similar run-times to their counterparts.in case it wasn't clear enough, i really liked this episode. mind you, i'm only okay with the twist because i'm at a point with this show where i trust it to clarify certain elements in future episodes. should it fail to do so, i might find this episode problematic in hindsight. but for now, i'll give sam esmail the benefit of the doubt and say that this was great. another lie laying on plain sight.
 from the beginning of this season 2, it has been a bit odd, that elliot never leaves that universe of home, room, dinner and basketball court, it was strange, but well, we are rami's character imaginary friends and his mind is not the same type of logical as ours is, so i guess it was just normal. the one thing i found really strange was that one outside agent ( angela, darlene or gideon) talked to elliot, it was always on the table, one on each top, and with is mother on the room, that was maybe the better indicator of the upcoming plot twist of elliot being in prison. when he decides to be honest with "us" and tell he's in jail, it all adds up, it makes sense, it was hidden in plain sight! great work from the beginning of this season, don't know what to wait from next episode, that's the beauty of it, it's like a freaking roller coaster. props to the writers and directors! "control can sometimes be an illusion, but sometimes you need illusion to gain control" ..
 oh my goodness !!! one of the most shocking surprising episodes of the whole series !! 😲😲the episode was going as usual this season .. still more to know what's gonna happen with that swedish couple .. where is the husband at !! the series still have that high peak of intense and mystery and that was only for the first thee minutes then baam .. moves to elliot and his fight continues on that freaky website. 🙌that detective and her pursuit of angela and the whole electronic crime is still on .. and to be honest she actually gives me the creep .. she's like so sneaky and sticky... but i still feel like angela is falling so deep on this whole miss of e corp.elliot taking down ray (craig robinson) was the highlight of the episode and kinda made me feel for once that elliot himself is in charge of things, he finally has control ... and just when you think so they shock you with that "elliot, where do you think you are right now !?" >> 😭😭 goodness me !! i was like oh no !! this went so south so fast ;) well finally as every episode goes by i can't wait to see what's the next surprise for us to come .. "where do you think you are right now?"
 this episode was fantastic. first off, let's go over the ending. in the final moments of "handshake", elliot reveals to us that he was never at his mom's house, and that instead, he was actually in prison. he then claims that he won't keep anymore secrets from us (which i highly doubt). elliot most likely did this because we lost his trust last season, during the episode "whiterose".this twist was great because of how it gives more insight into elliot's way of thinking and how it leaves us hungry for more answers. not to mention, we are also told by mr. robot that tyrell was murdered by elliot. however, i'm not entirely convinced. even with the numerous plot twists and suspense filled scenes, my favorite scene was most likely ray's defeat. elliot challenges ray to a chess match, and ray accepts. we then hear elliot telling ray that he has informed the fbi of ray's website. we then see elliot literally and metaphorically checkmate ray, leading to elliot walking away scott- free. the raw satisfaction of elliot finally beating ray was what made the scene for me. angela continues to be an incredibly interesting character, attempting to manipulate her boss and strategically placing herself in the crisis-control section of e corp after successfully pulling off hacking the fbi. it's also great to see the contrast in darlene and angela.while angela is about to crap her pants after an offset in the plan, darlene was completely in control, hardly breaking a sweat. dom was noticeably absent this episode, after seeing her in every episode since the 2-part premiere, it was a little strange. overall, a perfect episode that might just be the best episode of the series so far. 10/10 jesus....
 i now have to watch season 2 all over again. well played mr. robot. let's shake on it
 can't get enough of this captivating series. this is third time i watch this show and once again mr. malek steal the show. he's dialogues and inner thoughs are geniously written and he acting is really joy for eye.
twist in the end is outstanding, pure perfection! just drop in
 to thank sam esmail for the rather direct citation of my all-time movie favorite brazil throughout the final sequence of this episode: the camera pans from malek's focus on the basketball field ( his "perceived reality" /pov) to the two chimneys (used as limiting fix points, standing for a "shared common view" of the narrator and his sometimes willing accomplice, the viewer) and further to the (limitless) blue ("vanilla") sky, while using an "objectivizing" wide/distance shot in the progress. this is great cinematography, and also an hommage to the final "dome scene" of the movie. and, to clarify matters, a little but quite discernible variation of the accords of the movie's theme ( " brazil, where hearts were entertaining june..." ) is played. - well worth it (in the opinion of a true fan boy of the movie), as (to my mind) brazil was also about the first movie that really antecipated, even apart from the obvious "virtual reality/second life/alternative facts" topic, or the permanent "war on terror", the contemporary information society with e.g. alexa (just take a glance at lowry's home ;) ) and data krakens like e.g. google ( "ministery of information" / "central services" ) . - so: thumbs up! ;) with a few reveals and perhaps a victory, it seems things are about to change on mr. robot.
 trigger warning(s): attempted rapemajor characters elliot | ray | angela | joanna wellickmain plot (with commentary) topic 1: and so it was over (elliot and joanna wellick)though their stories don't lead to the two meeting, it seems elliot's, or rather mr. robot's decision, did affect both. as we know joanna has pretty much moved on from tyrell and is in love with derrick. to the point where, after an ultimatum, she shows him a summons for a divorce. yet, what she doesn't know is that elliot shot tyrell a long time ago and killed him.{commentary} i mention joanna for the sole hope that now her character will be allowed to exit from the show. for this story-line kind of seemed like they weren't sure what the actor who played tyrell was going to do, be around for and etc. so, instead, it was just stretched out and she was just holding on being a constant reminder, with those gifts, that he should be out there somewhere. but with the news that elliot shot him, probably the gifts were from mr. robot to cover his tracks right? right?topic 2: a warning and a change (angela) dominique doesn't seem to have anything but a hunch when it comes to angela, but with all footage gone and seemingly no trace left behind, she maybe let off for now. but do expect dominique to question her after the 4th of july holiday. but that will be at angela's new desk in risk management. a department she cashed in her credit for helping to end one of mr. price's biggest lawsuits, the one dealing with her mom, to be part of.{commentary} one can only imagine that angela, without knowing it, was always part of f-society. she mentions to darlene how, as kids, they would watch that weird horror movie every year and how it only recently fully clicked that is where the mask is from. however, with all she knows now about e-corp being behind her mother's death, and now possibly, in their world, the flint water crisis, her working in risk-management makes sense. especially how she keeps asking for access to files, a bit too much if you ask me. for it is really just making it obvious that once she does, it is but a matter of time before darlene gets them to spread to the world as part of the death blow to e- corp. especially since that bailout was formally rejected.topic 3: fallout (elliot & ray) ray let's elliot end his website and then, too much surprise, while elliot is having a counseling session, it is revealed that he never went to his mother's house and that regimen he has been having wasn't something he volunteered for. all this time elliot has been in prison.{commentary} ray ending his tenure on here, fine. elliot killing tyrell, should have seen it coming, but fine. however, elliot actually being in jail since before the season began? it is time to ask questions? the first being, when it comes to all of elliot's friends and family, are we learning what is going on through his recollection of what he hears or is told, or can we trust those scenes as independent of this recent reveal? on top of that, while it is acknowledging leon was a prisoner, what about ray? was he just some dude selling black market prison goods? on top of that, what is the exact reason elliot let himself be in jail? you know if darlene can hack the fbi she can cause a mistrial, so why is elliot in jail? he seemingly is getting out soon, and likely has only been in there for months, so you know it isn't for murdering tyrell, so what is the charge? highlights ray and tyrell, potentially, are done on the show. maybe joanna to boot. yay! angela is playing a long game with taking down e-corp, and it is beginning to make sense why she is working with the company which she knows killed her mom. she wants to take the beast down from within and between mr. price setting up his own employees, to all she can learn in risk management, the seeds are being planted for e- corp's destruction.low points with dominique being one of the few who sees through angela's mask, it sort of sucked she didn't go after her this episode.on the fencei don't know how this elliot reveal is going to go, but i must admit i'm neither intrigued nor upset. if anything, my feelings on this are too mixed to really place an adjective on and until it is revealed where elliot's story is going from here, it is hard to have a concrete emotion. well damn
 i take breaks from watching this show cuz it makes me uncomfortable. this is an example of that. fantastic
 control is an illusion...but sometimes we need illusion to get control ~ mr robot s2 e7 last scene most interesting direction since jacques tourneur's cat people (1942)
 the other reviewers have covered the obvious. this is a break-out hit show that, like other shows in the new tv 2.0, does not hesitate to jump outside its own box or take the action up a notch when the need arises.but even brilliance has layers within layers. during the incredible, mind-blowing, scenes in that "private pool" i found myself recalling the breakthrough directing skills of jacques tourneur in 1942's cat people.being low on funds (which, of course, in not the case here) tourneur had to build mood and suspense with simple echoes of light and sound in a plain-jane basement recreational pool.and pulled it off, put his name in the film history books.which is what esmail did here. yes, i know, in robot, esmail is not merely a great director but a true prodigy, since he is at the same time writer, creator and director.but -- my point -- to see how refined and laser-focused his direction is becoming from episode to episode, you need to drill down.as in those pool shots. the first ones just an empty pool yet somehow scary as hell. the later ones with a floating body and amazingly those short cuts are creepier and more memorable than many recent full-length horror films.all nicely set against the constantly grey (dim lighting) scenes, and the very odd (nerve-racking) soundtrack, and the aura of paranoia that pervades the entire episode.even portia doubleday is sporting a "new look" in this episode and, knowing how skilled esmail is, i don't this this is an accident either.this is all to create a response in the viewer. and it works.tv does not get much better than this.puts the "eep" in creepy. a deep dive into the secondary characters.
 after last week's bombshell reveal, i was hoping that elliot would finally be able to rejoin the main story and take centre stage in this episode. the truth is, he wasn't in it at all. instead, pretty much the whole thing follows the other members of f-society. as a result, the episode felt like a totally different show. it also means that this is the first episode in the series not to contain a single hallucination. while i am disappointed in the total lack of elliot in this instalment, i did really enjoy it. i think the decision to take a more focused approach worked quite well. by not jumping around all the time from scenario to scenario, not constantly forcing the viewer to question what is and is not real, and not distracting the viewer with flamboyant directing, the episode gives the viewers a chance to invest in the characters. the relative 'normalness' of this episode compared to other episodes this season helps to highlight some of its darker elements.while the episode was quite eventful, there were also some things that i couldn't help but feel unsatisfied with; namely the cliffhanger ending, the lack of elliot, and the short run-time. if you count both parts of the premiere together as one episode, then every episode this season has been slightly shorter than the one before it. i hope that changes soon.as always, esmail crams in some really nice detail. there are a couple of callbacks to the pilot in the opening scene of this episode. the face on mobly's shirt is reminiscent of the face that appears in the painting that dipierro and whiterose were admiring in china. some news footage of edward snowden appears on a tv, presumably speaking about the events of the show.while it fails to satisfy my craving for information, and it is perhaps more conventional than most episodes of this show, this is still a competent, gripping instalment in the series. darlene gets sloppy, and with this comes mobley and trenton starting to freak out. all the while, dominique is getting closer to the source of the five/nine attacks.
 major characters: darlene | cisco | mobley | trenton | dominique | angelamain plot (with commentary)topic 1: bumps in the investigation (dominique, angela, and mobley)as good as dominique is at her job, thanks to angela getting fsociety access to fbi's servers, they learn about a conference call which allows them to expose that the fbi is planning to illegally wiretap people. with this, multiple operations are threatened and it makes dominique trying to put the pressure on mobley directly, or using an agent to get close to angela, seemingly all in vain. {commentary}setting aside the mobley thing, and the f-society leak, i really only found myself questioning dominique's approach with angela. she sent a man to seduce her and try to get her to talk about fsociety? really? being how dominique seems, you'd think she wouldn't go with such a plan which could be prone to not only fail but seem kind of sexist in a way. the idea that a man, who angela meets at a bar, could easily sweep her into a false sense of security to the point she blabs about all the illegal stuff she is into? i mean, why even do such a long game when there was a leak of a confidential fbi conference call and you just saw the girl days before on a floor she didn't belong on? on top of that, you suspect she has fsociety ties and you aren't even trying to figure out concrete ways to tie everything together? come on!topic 2: a different kind of revenge (darlene, cisco, mobley, and trenton)dominique isn't the only person dropping the ball. susan jacobs, chief counsel for ecorp, she comes back home and finds fsociety still using her home as a base. leading to her being tied up and prepped for blackmail, but then darlene just decides to kill her. leading to mobley, who is already paranoid about what has happened to romero and whether the dark army is involved, deciding he is calling it quits. something trenton would like to do as well, but with her having roots thanks to her family, she doesn't have the mobility mobley has. but still, with susan dead she wants out as safely as possible. thus leading cisco and darlene to get rid of the body, cover their tracks, and present their form of normalcy. {commentary}arguably, darlene is not a planner. well, at least when it comes to long-term things. she is the type who wants instant gratification and can't hold back on getting it for too long. hence why all her actions under her leading fsociety has been a bit showier and had a bigger risk potential. thus leading to susan walking right up into operations for when you try to be showy and grandeur, you always forget a few details which quickly go from minor to major.now, her killing susan wasn't a surprise, for again darlene is not much for long term things, but i must admit her speaking on how she felt nothing after doing it, that made me wonder how messed up is darlene? we know why elliot is screwed up in the head, but why darlene? she seems to despise her mother, so could she be the source? could it be she has her own mr. robot in her life, maybe in the form of her mom, that has yet to be revealed? topic 3: et tu cisco? (darlene & cisco)throughout both elliot and darlene's run in being the leader of fsociety, cisco has always been there. he has especially looked out for darlene and it seemed like he was her ride or die. however, after that wake-up call from the dark army, it seems things may have changed. well, at least they have in darlene's mind. as cisco showers, she hacks into his computer and sees messages from the dark army which makes it look like cisco is setting up darlene. so, as he steps out of the shower, he gets hit with a baseball bat.{commentary}it seems darlene's recklessness is going to catch up to her and while there has yet to be the death of someone major on this show, in my opinion, darlene is making it seem like a possibility. though with elliot returning to the fold in the next episode, and surely to be a source of guidance, solace, and guilt, it is going to be interesting to see how those two plant to confront the slew of issues darlene caused. especially as we try to figure out how what elliot lied to us about meshes with the truth.review summaryon the fenceboth dominique and darlene's incompetence was surprising this episode. dominique tried to use a man to get to angela, rather than just build a case through a more guaranteed efficient way, and darlene not only slipped up and got caught but decided it was better to murder someone than have a liability on hand. neither character was at their best, which is good for flaws make characters interesting, but even a flaw in character doesn't make up for such out of character incompetence. a tad frustrating, but it has me so excited for the next one.
 i have loved this season so far, but i will be the first to admit that the story has been fragmented. for reasons that were revealed a couple of episodes ago, elliot has been separated from the main story, but it's not just that. there also hasn't really been a main story. the connections between all the show's plots have been more or less tangential this season, and so it has lacked the narrative unity of the first one. i've been greatly anticipating the moment that things would start to connect. well, that finally started to happen this episode. i have wondered about the significance of certain story lines for a while, until this episode showed me why they matter.i don't pay attention to the recaps with the same razor sharp attention that i watch the show with, so this episode really caught me off guard when the recap transitioned seamlessly into the episode. if someone were to try and edit the recap out of the episode, i'm not sure where they would split it up. the lack of a clear line of division works very well because the first scene is a direct springboard off the last scene of the first season, finally answering all the questions raised by that scene and the big twist from a couple episodes ago. to finally receive answers after a year of wondering was delightful. whiterose and dipierro are quickly growing into my two favourite characters (except for elliot, obviously). my love for whiterose stems not from a liking of him/her, but rather my fascination. he/she's so strange, and yet little clues keep popping up that make me feel like i'm starting to understand him/her. he/she had a great scene with pryce that reminded me a little bit of the littlefinger/varys dynamic from game of thrones.the big twist this episode (because every episode this season seems to have a twist) does not necessarily provide answers to the many remaining questions, but rather coalesces them all into one, and promises a catch-all answer very soon. as a result, this episode did not leave me as elated about it as i have been for some of this season's other episodes, but it leaves me more excited for the next one than i have ever been. elliot gets out of jail and with that begins prep for stage 2, if anyone can remember what that is.
 topic 1: making moves & tons of mistakes (angela, dominique, and darlene)angela discovers a nuclear power plant not being properly maintained by e-corp and decides to go to the united states nuclear regulatory commission. however, after getting spooked out she decides to go home only to find dominique at her door, and eventually shoving her way into her apartment, to warn her that her day of reckoning is coming and either she can help dominique or mentally prep to be swooped up by another agent. meanwhile, darlene thinks she may have left a vhs tape at susan jacobs, with her face on it. also, she once again performs an out of character action by opening the door, while not expecting anyone, and alone in cisco's apartment, while the city goes through a brownout. {commentary}angela has come so far, yet it may be all over for her. with her attempts to whistle blow on something which seems potentially major, you know her days at e-corp are numbered. especially since deputy director phelps seemed to already have been putting the pieces together as to who angela was. even with angela not revealing a thing to her. so whenever that investigation begins, and heads roll, you know angela is going to be out. though the question will then become, will her attempt to whistle blow save her from imprisonment? dominique maybe playing good cop with angela, but you know if she doesn't cooperate all this friendliness will go away. after all, dominique's co-workers died because of this case and on top of that she has a reputation to uphold. so can you imagine her letting some blonde girl, sweet as she may seem, mess things up for her? as for darlene, i will just continue to question why is the most paranoid person on the show making so many dumb mistakes?topic 2: blood on the rose (whiterose & mr. price)white rose and her alter ego, minister of state security zhang, appear in this episode, and it seems that plant angela is whistle blowing on, it belongs to whiterose. in fact, that plant is so important that when mr. price's predecessor tried to tamper with it, that man met an unfortunate end. something which may happen to mr. price for with him losing the us government's support for a bailout, now either he gets chinese money or else the nuclear plant will be taken over by the feds. something whiterose doesn't want but with mr. price getting rather snooty and confrontational, it seems once the deal is done it may be time to take out another ceo.{commentary}with it being shown and said the dark army can cause plan accidents, get people like elliot out of jail, and even perhaps cause massacres, they seem like such an odd entity. if only because it is hard to tell in whose interest they work for? is it zhang or whiterose? are they simply an arm of the chinese government when they can't do something directly? much less, when it came to whiterose helping with the 5/9 attack, was the belief that weakening e-corp would benefit china or even whiterose's personal investments? also, all things considered, did the 5/9 attack ultimately bite whiterose in the ass?topic 3: the truth, stage 2, and a glitch in the system (elliot, mr. robot, darlene, and cisco)why was elliot in jail? well, because he stole the dog and hacked the computer of his psychologist's ex-boyfriend. then, to spite mr. robot, plead guilty to the crimes. from there, it is hard to know what was true or not. ray is the prison warden, so who knows if elliot did actually do any work for him. leon is the same, just now in an orange jumpsuit, but at the very least it does seem that maybe mr. robot and elliot did eventually makeup. from there, however, things are a bit screwy. elliot is experiencing memory loss again, as shown by him forgetting what stage 2 is, and he is also glitching. in one case it deals with how him and mr. robot switch, another case deals with him feeling trapped within himself, and the last one is the weirdest. ollie, the fall guy who cisco gave the cd, for some reason joanna calls elliot by this name. on top of that, dominique mentions how she met with ollie and you are left questioning was elliot masquerading as him in both situations, one, or maybe even neither and joanna is just trying to find her husband and is name dropping for elliot's attention? {commentary}for every answer, there is a question, and at this point when it comes to elliot, i feel it is best to just get the gist of things and then to move on. however, it is hard to ignore that we are left rather unsure what the truth is anymore, especially if it deals with elliot's time-line. for with him now magically forgetting stage 2 alongside this very weird ollie situation, one which dominique and joanna might be involved in, you have to wonder who is he lying to? them, us, himself, could mr. robot be the one lying? it's all rather hard to tell and with mr. robot, as a show, increasingly trying to throw us off, who knows if we may ever see clearly.things to noteboth mobley and trenton are mia. trenton, in particular, has left so abruptly her family has put a missing person's report on her. tight pacing and unrelenting tension build towards one hell of an ending.
 woah. the entire back half of this episode is a marvel in suspense. all the major story lines are in play, and they finally start to connect. three parallel narrative streams inter-cut with tense music for a good twenty minutes. i just kept waiting for something to happen. when the big moment came, it somehow managed to be something that i never would have expected. like pretty much everything in this show, this climax has some degree of ambiguity. when i first watched the scene, i thought it would probably be revealed as a fake-out in future episodes. but then i watched it again. i went frame by frame, paid attention to details, and did some zooming. i still don't think that the scene will turn out to have been exactly what it appeared to be, but there is ample evidence proving that something major happened.it's hard to think about anything other than the explosive, disturbing conclusion to episode, but there is actually quite a bit of other stuff to it. pryce, joanna, and darlene each have their own long, anecdotal monologue. each one is powerful in its own way, and very illuminating in terms of character. pryce's finally begins to show us his motivation, joanna's demonstrates her ruthlessness and connection with tyrell, and dalrene's is surprising to say the least.i was really hoping for answers on the tyrell front, and the episode seemed to be setting us up for the big reveal. but then, just like last episode, we didn't get it. this episode did have some pretty big clues, however. clues that make me reconsider every theory that i've been able to come up with. for the first time, i'm starting to think that tyrell may actually be dead, that something more sinister and mysterious is going on than we've even been willing to consider. what if all the mysterious messages and strange gifts were set up ahead of time with tyrell, to execute automatically? what if he and mr robot planned the whole thing out on the night of the hack? what if this has something to do with stage 2? what if tyrell is essentially acting from beyond the grave through a program, as a sort of digital ghost? this is pretty crazy stuff, and probably wrong. but that's how good the show is! it makes me think of things like that. disturbing yet entertaining
 my review is not just of this episode, but the entire series to date ..quite a cliffhanger here, and well done overall ..my focus will be on three characters only. not that others are not as important and/or well played ..i want to focus on joanna and elliot/mr. robot. whether that is 2 or 3 characters is for you to decide ..joanna is quite unsettling. my guess she is some kind of intelligence agent. reminds me of "sleeper" agents from the soviet union. but for who? has she gone rogue with her own agenda? taken advantage of her training for her own ends? she is her own kind of psychopath? mr. robot is the bigger problem. who is he? it is not probably his father. not exactly jekyll and hide. there is schizophrenia here. but what kind?people are not usually just born with this ability. it is not something you can contract. like a disease. it more than less must be induced. and, induced from without rather than within.again, my guess, even within and especially plausible fiction; is some kind of psyop induced via intelligence agencies.elliot apparently has an iq off the charts. in the surveillance society we live in, that does not go unnoticed. elliot is under control via something. he is not himself. mr. robot is much more than just an alter-ego/personality. elliot is programmed. again, programmed by who?the dark army is even more disturbing. i lived in asia. it is a weird, mysterious, beautiful and disturbing place .. get on with it!
 man, sam esmail is such a tease. each time i feel like he's setting us up to finally get an answer of some sort, he just makes it more strange and ambiguous. it's one of the things that i love about this show, but it's also growing pretty irritating in some ways this season. i've enjoyed the mystery surrounding tyrell, but i've not enjoyed the countless times we've been set up to think we're about to get the answer only to have the rug pulled out from under us. i enjoyed the lupe's cliffhanger from last episode, but i was furious that it was not resolved in this one. ultimately, the problem that mr. robot is encountering at the moment is not exactly that they are taking too long to give us answers, but rather that it is milking the questions too hard during that wait.the perfect example of the over-zealous milking in this episode can be found in angela's story. she dominates the episode, with the most screen-time by far. most of that time is spent on a really weird setup that feels very lynchian. this is drawn out to such a degree that i was beginning to accept the idea that we were now seeing hallucinations from angela's point of view. finally, however, it is revealed what has been going on here, and we move on to the real purpose of the scene. as much as i enjoyed the weirdness of the lead-up, it ultimately feels very pointless. and then, the scene we've been building to this whole time with this elaborate setup... ends with another secret being hidden from the audience. you've got to give us something, esmail!as always (though more than usual), there appears to be some reveal and/or advancement in the tyrell story this episode, but even that is so strange and muddled that i don't really trust anything about it. in fact, the reveal seemed deliberately anti-climactic and side-lined as a way of making the audience realize subconsciously that it isn't entirely real. i mean, i was sitting there with bated breath, and yet when the moment came, i had literally no reaction. i have to admire the skill that went into crafting a scene that so perfectly undercuts my own intense investment. there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that sam esmail is succeeding 100% at doing exactly what he wanted to do with this episode. the question is whether or not what he wanted to do will push audiences beyond their threshold of patience. this still isn't the last episode, so i remain hopeful. but the final scene of this one does have me worried. i wouldn't have any problem with the finale leaving a bunch of huge questions, but if the huge questions from the season 1 finale remain unanswered, i will be very angry indeed. mr. robot is killing it!
 this is definitely one of the best episodes so far in this season to me. angela totally dominates this episode. her story is just such interesting and intriguing as i was having so many questions running in my head through her scenes. whiterose, again, returns with many puzzles and mysteries but still, one of my favorite characters so far.another highlight in this episode is dom's scene talking to alexa. we can clearly see through dom's loneliness and how she deals with it through the conversation as everyone of us sometimes experience. elliot, using a trick in attempt to track down mr. robot as later results to a surprising encounter was also a satisfying part of the episode.overall, the vibe and story seems to go a bit peculiar and slow but i mean it in a very good way. filled with clues and answers, we are now so close to finding out the big picture in season 2. anyway, sam esmail, i totally love the cliffhangers you've been putting at the end of the episodes lately. david lynch would have been in awe
 i loved this episode. as the first reviewer mentioned, it was very lynchian (nice word). they were also getting frustrated with the teasing going on. i understand that. i would not worry too much. that has been the set-up for season 2. the biggest one was in episode 7 with elliott apologizing at the end for messing with us. this episode was directed very much in a lynch style. bizarre interviews and q&a. cryptic messages to decipher. odd music in the van. atmospheric organ, violin and piano music. long pauses with non-answers. the taxi driver angry in another language. if you love lynch then you will love this episode. if you don't love lynch you might be a bit restless. thankfully i do love lynch. mr robot is one of the most original tv series ever. it has been very consistent and there are not many flat episodes. the acting is first class. i don't want to say too much more about this episode because i feel that reviewers basically give everything away too much and that is a little bit selfish. so enjoy fantastic as an episode, though it fails to justify all the setup preceding it.
 i will be the first to admit that season 2 is not perfect. i will be the first to admit that this episode is not perfect. however, the worst thing a show can do is be boring, and that's something this season never was. esmail spent all 12 episodes making bold choices. when they worked, they were stunning, and even when they didn't, it was still interesting to watch. it has been a wild ride of a season, and i wouldn't have it any other way.the episode's main focus is of course on tyrell and elliot. rami malek's performance here shows that he deserves that emmy he just won. it's also great to see martin wallstrom back on the show in earnest as tyrell. he is brilliant in this one. the other story lines that show up in the episode are joanna and dipierro. there is also a post-credit scene, so be sure not to miss that.so much was depending upon this episode. it had to provide answers to a season of nothing but questions, and satisfying resolution to a season of nothing but teasing. with so much riding on it, there was no way everyone would be satisfied by it. but did it satisfy me? yes and no. the episode solved so many minor mysteries that i was not expecting resolution on until next season. but it only partially solves the big ones people have been waiting for this season (tyrell, stage 2). for me, the minor answers and partial big ones were enough. for others, they will not be. all i can say is, to each their own. just our mind's best guess
 this episode serves as both the conclusion of the 'pyth0n' two-parter and of the second season, wherein tyrell reveals all to elliot, joanna confronts e corp cto scott knowles and dom conducts her interrogation of darlene. i must say that this second season has stepped above and beyond the quality of the first - not that it has been bad at any point, but nearly every scene in this season has been of the upmost quality in performance, cinematography, pacing and, crucially, it has remained interesting and has been bold enough to progress the arcs of all of the relevant characters to unpredictable places, testing the morality and endurance of each of them in turn. elliot is the prime example, as he should be, for no story is worthwhile if it does not take the protagonist to a different place from where they began. his unreliable nature and the monologues that make us, the invisible viewer, believe elliot is baring his soul to us make for an effective combination, i can't say that many other shows are as challenging and as thought-provoking as mr. robot, or at least that keep you guessing. the deceit about the prison, his passing it off as 'routine', and the associated storylines involving 'warden' ray and interestingly named joey bada$$'s leon work after the fact in both 'realities' and give more depth to both characters quickly despite them only appearing in season 2. on that point, dom is a great addition to the cast, masterfully portrayed by grace gummer whom is distancing herself from her streep-related cage to get her own attention that she deserves; she provides a necessary insight into the opposing side following the aftermath of five/nine and in this context i honestly don't mind seeing the 'fbi agent pursues controversial case despite boss disapproval' trope again.i'm grateful that the episode count was raised slightly for this season, though i can acknowledge why some other reviewers here think that this was a detriment to the quality of this final episode. i disagree - in terms of following traditional story structure and having everything grow to a climax in the final episode, mr. robot has already subverted this idea and the pacing of the main story seems that it will always pride the quieter moments over dramatic action-filled sequences. how would they even keep the actors in the far corner of the frame all the time if they were running all over the place and not sitting absolutely still? i joke, but the dialogue and character relationship scenes are some of the best aspects of the show and i don't think that is an accident. and i adore the choices in framing. with this said, i thought the scenes of this episode were fantastic and suitable for the finale, and that it especially ended well, finally having the two primary storylines of elliot's mental illness and the hacker revolution come into conflict with each other instead of running parallel, alternating from one to the other. i won't say more, in the interest of keeping this review spoiler-free for this episode. to answer the important question of whether i was left wanting to continue to season 3, of course i do. i'm all for more surreal sequences and tense character moments, if they can replicate the efforts gone to elevating the main and new characters beyond simple stereotypes to realistic, layered people, which i'm sure won't be an issue. mr robot finale review
 woaah what a finale. sam esmail successfully makes viewers to wait crazily for next season. a finale full of surprises full of speculations, what more we can ask for. i just wish season 3 to be released now and i wish my wish come true, as my mind is full of questions related to tyrell, is he real and really shot elliot and then called angela moss and talked to her? is this all imagination of elliot or something else? and where mr. robot suddenly disappeared as soon as elliot got shot? and agent dom and darlene facing each other, as dom trying to convince darlene to help her, would she be convinced to help her? and we yet have to know about fate of scoot knowles who had been sending gifts to joanna, tyrell's wife. and how surprisingly trenton and mobley appeared at end of finale and leon(tyrell's prison partner) tracking them down. everyone go and watch finale asap, you surely will enjoy it. top noch on tv
 strong end of strong season. it is hard to say witch one is the greater this or season 1.
same disturbing atmosphere, genious dialogue and storywriting. suspenful soundediting. acting is pure art.
in a word: this is one of the greatest series ever. wow.
 i'm in awe.this show proved, once and for all, that it's one of the best tv shows ever written, and quite possibly the best show on tv right now. the premiere of season three or mr. robot was, to put it mildly, a masterpiece.everything about it just worked to perfection. the cinematography was beautiful, maybe even the best of any episode in the show. the directing was superb and the music was just excellent. the way the episode was written and paced was just amazing. the acting was just phenomenal, everyone on screen shined in all sorts of ways.that's all i will say without giving any spoilers away. this episode amazed me like few others i've seen in my lifetime have. it is one of the best hours of television i've ever watched. "eps3.0_power- saver-mode.h" is a work of art and there's no doubt in my mind that it deserves a perfect score of 10 out of 10. excellent plotting and performances, but with less of the mystery and style of the first two seasons.
 maybe it's because i just re-watched the first two seasons, or maybe it's because the return of twin peaks was so weird, but i was expecting something way more cryptic from the premiere of mr. robot season 3. i was stoked to be confused, bewildered, and on the edge of my seat the entire time. instead, the show delivered a relatively cogent hour, which kept me on the edge of my seat not through mystery, but rather through the tension of seeing complex characters interact in dangerous situations without knowing which side they're on. it's excellent television, it's just not quite what i was expecting from mr. robot.the thing that interested me the most about this episode is the new relationship between elliot and mr. robot. although they are still inhabiting the same body, the two now operate far more independently of each other. this means that we get to see mr. robot talking directly to other characters, something we've only seen once before (with tyrell in season 1 episode 8). his relationship with angela that forms in this episode is really fascinating and unique. it's also just really nice seeing christian slater playing a large role in this series, and getting the chance to work with actors other than rami malek.speaking of actors, the episode introduces a major new character in bobby cannavale's irving. his introductory scene is a masterpiece of black comedy and social commentary, and throughout the episode he strikes a perfect balance between comedic and threatening. bobby cannavale is perfectly cast, and i look forward to seeing more of him as the show goes on.visually, this episode feels completely different from the rest of the series. the power outage from the season 2 finale is still going, and most of the episode is lit by moonlight or candlelight. the murky aesthetic this creates is quite interesting, but i'm definitely looking forward to getting back to the show's regular look.all in all, a fairly strong premiere. stylistically it was more straightforward than i was expecting, but it more than made up for this with excellent writing and acting. "none of it was real, i'm the one in control, the one with the power, but why doesn't feel that way!! "
 mr. robot is finally back and the tense and mystery are screaming high, it is one of few one hour shows that kept on the high ratings with now 3 seasons to go and possibly a forth to come.the show kept this inner monologue style, which is thrilling and always making us wonder, listen and emerge with the character .. elliot still having his uncertainties and somewhat delusions but apparently this season he starts realizing which is which and it will be time to have power and take back control. the dark army which had a few appearances in the last season finale but this season they seem to share the evil pie with e-corp."are you still there? am i ? what did we miss? did you see any thing i blacked out. if i'm alive i must'v been right. none of it was real, i'm the one in control, the one with the power, but why doesn't feel that way!! " -eliot alderson.the plot is just as strong as ever, so tight and has so much to fill with elliots "stage 2" or some other stage of retaliation !! or is he trying to undo what he did by working in e-corp again !!.. the script looks much more organized and fast going, so current and connected to the "now" events .. a bit easing up on the hacking terms but still informative and easy to digest.. they also cleared out more the multi-personality situation , a bit like fight club style which makes me more in love with this show.as for the cast, bobby cannavale is an excellent addition to the show .. his character is mysterious and interesting, christian slater is back to taking more lines and rami malek, well, he's the elliot we still love.. also portia doubleday "angela" is taking on a significant part this season.the music and soundtracks in the premiere !! my goodness it was just an almost zimmer level composing , just adds more tense and excitement to the scenes.to conclude, i'm excited, thrilled and expecting more surprises to come. hard reset with backed up files
 in this season premiere, sam esmail pressed the reset button without actually erasing all that have been built in the last two seasons. we find every single character in a very different position than the last time we saw them which gives it all a fresh start.the show find its roots back with not only a vibe similar to the pilot episode but even references to it. elliot is a skilled hacker on a mission but is also a not so tactful person which leads to humorous moments. a new character is introduced right off the bat and we quickly understand who he is and what he is capable of, elliot's place in this newly shifted world is also set for the audience to understand and new questions arise giving an interesting tone for the season to come.everything that might have made the previous season hard to watch is so far non-existent. the daring darkness, has served its purpose of building up 3.0 and so many things finally pay off in this fast paced hour premiere. rami malek delivers an emmy-powerful performance surrounded by candles and a very surprising monologue in the streets on par with "f*ck society" and f*ck god".all this makes this episode a truly wonderful season premiere and a long awaited fully enjoyable episode that gives high hopes for the rest and allows mr. robot to regain its throne as the best show on tv. angela; power saver mode
 this episode was reviewed perfectly by guy2026!! with that said having seen this season but forgotten specific details and the ending (i watch a lot of tv), i usually wait till a show is about to start its next season to rewatch, but mr. robit is my favorite tv series on air the past three years! this episode was a directorial masterpiece! between the monologue speech to the hackers in the club and capturing everything, this show proves it's one of the best series directed today and also with the best music to go with it!!! the creator sam eshmail wanted to create an overall atmosphere and we can feel the mood so perfectly, whether its through the candle light because of the lack of power from the power outage from the end of season 2, or just the cinematography! the best!now, this episode teased a lot. mostly everyone, including me had the theory that there is another reality besides this or timeline. something was going on. the back to the future homage and everything up with white rose and time has made this theory very popular leading up to this premiere. so, the creator upon rewatching it, toys with it. like blue balls he dangles it for us like we might get the twist afterall. we even see a time machine in the beginning with white rose and his buddy talking about elliot and his dad. whatever that thing was who knows, but her being obsessed with time indulged us in the theory. it's also mentioned in dialogue. especially when angela says, "what if we can go back..." ugh huge tease but these moments were few and far between. (upon the rewatch i noticed outside of the hacker club it said 1984 worth an eyeball??? white rose and the time machine scene then fleshed out into coming out of elliot's eye!) so, you see this right? but as anyone knows one of the twists of 3 is this theory doesnt happen, at least it was a twist to me. but begs the question, is season 3 a set up for a huge season 4???? yes, i believe it is. these episodes are very unique and this first one especially indicated how differently it is then the usual until it. we see mr. robot communicating with another character by himself, that has only happened once with tyrell on season 1 towards the end. it tells us this season there will be a lot of character development between mr. robot and elliot which is the theme of season 3 essentially. i'm happy a out it bc christian slayer got to showcase his talent!also, bobby cannavale appears for the first time almost right away with a great first impression. what an actor (heres to boardwalk empire season 3)! he makes the season for me a 10! elliot was extremely sharp at the red wheel barrow (which is cause for more questions. red wheelbarrow franchise? what are the chances?) he is terrific even hearing him talk is so m.k much fun and you wonder, a man like that, hes writing a book right? i have to read this book! the monologue reminded me of edward norton in 24 hours with philip hoffman spike lee. outstanding dialogue and acting.i loved this episode and appreciated how elliot was all black and dark and angela was white and light when they met at the end and knowing the famous door scene to come similar.as the bus drives away, maybe elliot is right about angela going into power saver mode, as the lights in buildings begin to turn on as she drives by making a fantastic shot!!!
10/10 a mystery inside a riddle inside an enigma inside a quandary.
 it's great to see the start of season 3...i like the new character and i can see we're in for a ride.sam keeps us on the edge of the seat and steers us each episode toward a direction he wants you to go...this is a great tv show and it goes out of it's way to not be cliché like so many others...can't wait to see what's in store...so many cryptic messages from so many people...if you love puzzles; mr. robot will quench your taste... incredible.
 the episode is a cinematic masterpiece, it's timing, music and story beats are all excellent. linking it to real world events is done so perfectly that it's the freshest 4th wall breaking perhaps ever done. real perfection in matching both the fictional and real worlds.i doubt it will see a wide viewership as its messages are hard hitting and not for the faint of heart, but i'm so immensely excited to see where it goes. always surprising, always visually arresting
 mr.robot is unlike any other series. strong writing, killer soundtrack, fantastic directing laced with unique lighting and shot angles, and one of the strongest casts on tv. rami malek is a force, and i was not surprised with his emmy win last year for lead actor. there aren't really any weak links on the show, when it comes to the cast. after the more internal direction of last season, i was curious where the show would go this year further on in the aftermath of the hack. i don't like spoilers, so my reviews don't include them. from what i can see from this first episode of the third season, it will focus more on what is going on in the outside world, and less on personal reactions and paranoia. the first episode had everything that has come to define the show so far — unusual and arresting camera work, gorgeous mood lighting, and the constant question of what each character is up to, what they know, what their motives are, and who they are aligned with. the scenes with christian slater give us a big clue about how the show will progress with his character, after the reveals of the last season. and it's going to be fascinating to see it play out. amazing kick off, i look forward to the next episode. the commodification of vigilantism
 elliot learns that society's indoctrination into consumerism makes them slaves to corporatism and commodification 
the message is a general theme of powerlessness. from powerlessness on an individual level glimpsed in elliot's fight for unity between himself and mr. robot to the brainwashing of society at large. it's also a statement on the absurdity of corporate bureaucracy. irving finds this out when he can't cash in his voucher for a free meal at a food chain because the meaning of "on your next visit" is loosely defined by what the cashier deems a "next visit" is. the visuals are also stunning with a brilliant one take that reminded me of the six minute one take in "true detective" also produced by "anonymous content" this is a good episode that's therapeutic in a deleuzian kind of way. shocking, engrossing, and insanely well-paced; almost too much to take in.
 there were a lot of great things about the premiere, but it also kind of felt like an episode of a totally different show; it had little of the intriguing visual style or beguiling mystery of the first two seasons. i was worried that either i or the show had changed. then this episode came along, and completely blew me out of the water. if the first episode was toned down from the previous seasons, this one was amp-ed up. in 45 minutes, sam esmail managed to double down on the violence, the comedy, the tension, and the drama. it's almost too much to process.from the moment the opening montage kicked off, this episode was playing on a completely different field from the premiere. it's hilarious, it's satisfying, and it hearkens back to the pilot in a number of subtle ways, tying in to the episode's overall theme of trying to hit "undo" on past mistakes. one of these callbacks was the return of elliot's intense attacks of loneliness (which he hasn't had since the pilot). this leads us into his sessions with krista, who not only makes her season 3 debut in this episode, but plays a larger role than she has in a long time, maybe ever. she convinces elliot to show her mr. robot, and her conversation with him is absolutely engrossing.while krista gets to play a larger role in the episode and hopefully the season, some other major characters got massively blindsided in shocking ways. aside from the violent, sickening, and unexpected scene that came in the middle of the episode and permanently derailed some major characters (which i'm sure will be the main talking point of the episode), phillip also got hit with a good one-two punch. i expected him to clash with minister zhang (whiterose) this season, but i didn't expect it to come so soon and be so extreme. their scene in this episode is an exhilarating showdown between two masterclass actors delivering incredible dialogue. in short, it's the littlefinger-varys reunion we never got.the fact that the return of my favourite character (dipierro) and the fantastic development of the relationship between elliot and darlene don't even warrant more than a mention in comparison to the rest of the episode is a testament to just how great it is. it had me gripped from start to finish, and delivered several twists i never would have seen coming despite my intense analysis of this show. in short, "undo" is definitely among the series' best. 49 minutes of revelations in a tyrell-centric, all-flashback episode.
 at first, the season 1 finale left me feeling confused, befuddled, and a little cheated with its crypticness. over the months that followed, i grew to love it as a piece of art, but still went into season 2 with expectations of answers. and of course, season 2 just heaped on more questions. now, in season 3, we finally get to see the night of the hack and tyrell's subsequent disappearance. this is the episode i wanted so badly out of season 2 and never got. ironically enough, now that i've finally seen it, i'm realizing that season 2 pretty much told us everything we needed to know in answer to those questions, and that a lot of the information in this episode was ultimately redundant. however, it's still incredibly satisfying to be filling in the gaps. plus, the episode had two major twists and a cameo from a masterclass actor i had thought was retired.the episode focused primarily on tyrell and his hideout in season 2. i'm glad we got to spend an entire episode developing his character because i didn't quite get him in season 1 and he spent most of season 2 shrouded in mystery, so i never really got the chance to invest in or understand him. but now, thanks to this episode (especially the mid-episode interrogation scene featuring a cameo from a world-class actor who i could have sworn was retired) i feel like i really have a grasp on his motivation. irving also got quite a bit of development in this episode, not to mention a lot of good quips.while the episode was mostly a matter of filling in the gaps in season 2, it did also contain two major plot twists, both involving the surprise reveal of the loyalties of previously introduced characters. i predicted one of them back in season 2, but the other caught me completely by surprise (though it makes a lot of sense). i'll leave it up to you to decide which one i predicted.all in all, despite not advancing the present day story-line one iota, this was a tremendously satisfying episode that did not suffer at all from the long buildup to it. necessary, entertaining filler
 before i get into the meat and bones of this review let me take a moment to address what this episode is. filler. plain and simple. now usually this would be a bad thing but in this episode's case it's the exception. first off we're given a better idea as to the kind of person irving is and are shown that he's been there since the beginning helping him fit nicely into further installments. we also get a cool riches to rags to "riches" story for tyrell along with some subtle hints at why he is the way he is in a tense and well acted interrogation? scene. another thing we got to see was just how powerful whiterose really is, finding out she has people in the fbi and news broadcasting, the latter setting up a rather forced political scene which didn't have the impact or relevancy of the society rant from the first episode of this season. the fbi reveal was pretty nifty though. overall this episode gives us a much needed look into the minds and worlds of some the series' most enigmatic characters, new and old, and i can't wait to see where the show takes us and it's cast next. amazing
 i don't know why 8.5 it is more than 9...
the music , edge to crap just wow nbc / usa got it wrong
 tried to connect trump to china when nbc news tried to connect trump to russia. biden is china. ambitious, intense, and extremely immersive; nothing short of a cinematic masterpiece.
 this episode has been hyped up a lot by the promotional material, and i'm sure it will continue to be hyped up by fans in the future. i've been waiting anxiously all week for this to come out, and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. it not only kicks off the climax to a story-line that has been building for a season and a half, but does it in the most cinematically impressive way possible; one long shot.that's right, the entire episode is one long shot. there are obviously many cuts hidden in there, but they aren't visible to the viewer. for all intents and purposes, it's a 46-minute- long shot. but the thing i really appreciate about it is that it doesn't seem at all like they did it just for the sake of showing off; rather they use it to immerse us in the paranoia of the characters and simulate what it would really be like to be on the ground in a situation like this. it's gripping, intense, and all the more effective because it doesn't let up for the entire episode. i actually breathed a sigh of relief at the end of the episode, not because the danger had passed (quite the opposite in fact) but because the shot had finally ended.the episode can be dissected quite nicely into two halves; the first half, in which elliot realizes stage 2 is going down and tries desperately to stop it, and the second half, in which angela has to navigate a violent riot in order to execute stage 2. the two halves use the format of the extended shot quite differently from one another (though both extremely effectively). in the first half, we take on the role of the viewer (aka elliot's third personality) and float around his head the entire time, giving us the longest and most immersive representation so far of this meta aspect of the story. from this perspective, we see elliot finally piece everything together and then scramble to stop it. in the second half, the shock of graphic violence from the riot suddenly gives the episode life-or-death stakes which amp up the tension as it passes over to angela, whose section of the episode is more viscerally thrilling than elliot's.all in all, i sense this episode will be discussed for years to come. it's ballsy, thrilling, cerebral, and definitely one of the show's best. one of the best tv episodes of recent years.
 i didn't see any promotional videos for this, i had no idea what was coming. by the 3rd minute or so, i couldn't help but notice it was one long shot. a long shot that lasted throughout the entire episode. obviously they made cuts, but hid them well. but this is not simply an episode showing off fancy camera work. no, this was an absolute masterpiece of recent tv. you feel like you're inside the building the entire time and it never gets less tense. i honestly can't remember feeling this uneasy since ozymandias. the famous breaking bad episode that got everyone's attention. the amazing camera work, with the help of some very talented actors makes this episode a pleasure to the eyes and ears. chills...
 i had the luxury of watching this late at night, in the dark, on my couch. i never blared my tv so loud as to experience tv so intensely before.the anxiety was a thrill ride with this episode. i was questioning whether or not i was enjoying mr robot this season...it doesn't matter if i was, i am now and i'm watching this show to the end, no matter what.we need more of whatever the heck this was. incredible. simply one of the greatest episodes of television
 it's stunning. just absolutely stunning. meticulously crafted. superbly shot. actingdirectionpacinglightingcamera-workan absolute masterpiece of modern television. stunning episode
 the entire episode is one continuous shot, with very few cleverly hidden edits.
the entire episode is also in one building. and, the chaos is building. 
the pacing of the episode is fantastic, and it's absolutely tense.seriously, this episode is a work of art. the best thrilling thing i've ever seen
 this episode is excellent. it is very thrilling, and keeps you up every second of 46 minutes. i watched it wondering what will happen at the next second, and i felt for the characters. it also made me feel real paranoid of everything for a moment. well, this episode sucked my soul on to it, it did not just capture my full attention and was not just a show that something was happening every second. for the time i watched it, i found myself living through what they dealt with, and felt like i was in every corner of ecorp. this was better than any game or virtual reality thing in case of how real i felt it subjectively. i even wish that i could watch it like the first time, without any spoiler from my past self. i think it was that much real because of the flow of the story line and cinematography of it, for which i can give 10 out of 10. watch it for yourself, and see it for yourself. perfect example of what tv should be
 amazing writing, great acting and fabulous execution. this is one of the best episodes of the show so far. i may be overreacting a little right now...
 but this is the best thing i've ever watched in my entire life. okay. it's out of my system. this show is a masterpiece, and this episode just shows why it is a masterpiece. 20/10. amazing best episode of the series so far
 stunning. this is how you make film/tv. this episode got this show to a whole new level. makes 1917 look bad
 this is the best one cut scene program/movie i've ever seen. incredible
 i dont write reviews often but this seriously has to be one of best episodes of television i have ever seen. cinematically it was absolutely perfect and it progressed the story in an incredible slow burn and tension building kind of way. everything flowed so seamlessly together and was perfectly nailbiting and chaotic as it should have been. i have never seen so much chaos be so controlled on film. 10/10 episode in an absolutely wonderful series a cinematic and technical masterclass and that's just the half of it...
 blimey! it would be easier to tell you about the things this episode did wrong because i wouldn't have to write this review. honestly, it had everything going for it. if this doesn't win an award for camera work or writing i'll eat my own shoe. first off we'll talk about the obvious, that long shot though! loads of films and tv shows do this because "why not?" and it rarely has any reason and there for any impact, not here though no sir! i'm not gonna get into why it works as the reviewer before me summed up my feelings perfectly. now the whole long shot gimmick could have probably made for a memorable viewing experience by itself but tie that in with the spectacular writing that not only perfectly continues the already established storyline but is meticulously crafted with the cinematography in mind then you have one of the most impressive feats put to not only the small screen but filmmaking period. i'd give it a 10 but i can't help but feel this is just the beginning and that there are bigger and better things to come(somehow) so i'll reserve complete judgement for now. this is one of if not the best episode of the show to date and i hope and do not doubt it will be spoken about in the same vain as battle of the bastards, ozymandias or who goes there. 9.8/10 mastery
 the episode is conveyed through the means of a seemingly single long shot and incredibly good cinematography. the technical and creative mastery it requires speaks for itself, but this way of showing the events that unfold contribue to the story and add to the tension. the acting is magnificent and masterful, whether i consider rami malek, portia doubleday or the other actors. a gripping episode, that manage to tell some incredible events in a realistic way (angela's part notably, even though some may find it a bit too long), without forgetting a dose of humour.
magistral ! unbelievable
 46 minutes - to the edge of your seat
i didn't realise when those 46 min end one-42min-shot
 to film this one-shot episode truly demonstrates their talent. the challenges to filming this in an office that is actually only 1 floor (crews had to recreate the rooms while they were in the elevator!) and full of glass walls that could reflect a camera so camera crews are often laying on the floor filming. while watching i didn't want to pause to pee or even blink! captivating experience. tense, gripping, nerve-racking - an outstanding episode of television
 i don't usually write reviews for tv episodes but after watching this one, i had to. up to now, mr. robot has had some very good episodes with some excellent scenes that elevate it. however, this episode is the first that is consistently outstanding throughout.it is almost divided into two parts, with the first being elliot trying to escape the evil corp building after people come for him. the second, after a great scene with elliot and darlene in which she reveals her links to the fbi, is all about the chaos that occurs inside the evil corp hq and angela's desperate attempt to complete the mission on her own.it is hugely intense episode with sensational camerawork and gripping dialogue. i have enjoyed mr. robot a lot but this is an episode that has taken the series up a notch.easily a 10/10 episode that gets you on the edge of your seat and excited for the rest of the show. nbc / usa got it wrong
 tried to connect trump to china when nbc news tried to connect trump to russia. biden is china. another masterpiece. they did it...
 they topped last week's episode. after a piece of television like last week's i wasn't sure how long i'd have to wait til i saw anything that good again on the small screen. turns out it was one week. i'm not sure how to put into words what i just saw but i'm gonna try. first off this episode gives you no room to breathe in the best way possible. every storyline is equally as tense as the next or the one that came before it. literally for the whole 45 minute run time you're thinking "are they gonna die? no! are they gonna die?" and then after all that build up... eliot saves the day. you sigh a sigh of relief and smile as you realise crisis has been averted. eliot wipes the blood from his face and calm, peaceful music plays. and then you realise something isn't quite what it seems as that feeling in your gut returns and then it happens. the acting was spectacular, the tension unmatched and each storyline got equal parts love which is so hard to do in such a short period of time. i can't give this anything but a 10. thank you sam esmail. i never thought anything would top breaking bad
 for the longest time, i held breaking bad in the highest regard, i considered it to be the best of the best, the pinnacle of film/tv. for the life of me i honestly never believed anything could top it, then mr. robot began, and it was f**king good, no it was f**king great, but one killer season isn't enough to judge a show, so i kept watching, expecting the quality to dip, or waver, or for the showrunners to lose grip of what they'd started, but no, it kept getting better, it kept getting bigger, and it kept getting closer and closer to the bar breaking bad had set, and then, last week happened. for the first time, i'd come to terms with the idea of something being as good as breaking bad was, and now.... now... this. f**king. episode. i now can firmly, and confidently say that this episode solidified, for me, this show as the greatest production of film & television of all time. everything about this episode was perfect, it was absolutely f**king brilliant in every f**king regard. f**k me. the writing was perfect, the mood was perfect, it was fresh, original, suspenseful and totally and utterly gripping. i cannot begin to thank sam esmail, this man has raised the bar for storytelling. everything about this show deserves the highest of praise. the cast? on the absolute top of their game. the music? better and better every single week, mac quayle, you are a genius and we are all so grateful. the directing? more unique, more phenomenal, sam, we love you. the cinematography? good lord the cinematography... incredible, every week, incredible, incredible, incredible. this show has changed the game, reset the bar even higher than before and for the foreseeable future, in my eyes, solidified it as the single greatest production of film or television. yeah, this episode rocked. somehow manages to be more intense than the last one
 anyone who thought we might get a reprieve from the intensity of last week's one-shot wonder was sorely mistaken; if anything this episode doubles down on the heart-palpitating tension. it shows the fbi closing in on tyrell, the dark army executing stage 2, and elliot finally entering all-out war with mr. robot. all of these elements converge in exciting ways and built to a surprising (and confusing) climax.while this episode didn't have anything as stylistically impressive as the long shot from last episode (then again, what is), i was still struck by how fresh and innovative it was in the way it depicted elliot's battle with mr. robot. the unique editing patterns esmail deploys add to the tension by putting us in elliot's shoes and showing what it would really feel like to be battling a second personality. this showdown has been a long time coming, and it couldn't have been better executed.the other plots all built the tension as well, placing many of the characters on dangerously converging paths. there was legitimately a point in the episode in which i believed that angela, dom, and tyrell were going to die (even though they still had scenes from the trailers i hadn't seen). the one bit of levity came (surprisingly enough) from the price-zheng scene. their dynamic is definitely one of my favourites in the entire show, and this episode shows a completely different side of it; the friendly jesting that goes on when they aren't competing with one another. it was really enjoyable watching them get along so well, even though we (and they) know it won't last.all of this tension leads up to a semi-twist ending that left me intrigued but also quite confused. it makes sense in the greater context of things, but i need more information and extensive re- watches to figure out how all the individual characters figure in to it; some of them couldn't have known but also couldn't have not known. it's a mess, but i'm sure the show will sort it out as it always does.in summation, sam esmail has delivered another tense, unpredictable, and stylish episode of mr. robot. i look forward to seeing what happens next and hopefully getting further explanation on some aspects of the twist. this show will go down as one of the best.
 jesus! remember when you thought nothing could beat last week's episode? yeah me too. this has become one of the best tv shows in recent history, season 2 was the perfect set up for this season. if you gave up on watching this show on season 2, like some people did. i implore you, watch it. because this season has been one of the best seasons of any show, ever. the last 2 episodes were beyond normal tv. i actually can't even write a decent review, i'm still thinking about the episode and where this show is gonna go from now on. sam esmail said he was thinking of 5 seasons, and i am 100% on board. if each season gets better than the last... well i don't think that's possible, but i also didn't think it was possible to top last week's episode and where we are. mr. robot is seriously stepping up
 without spoiling anything, for everyone who thought last weeks episode was a one-off hit, they were wrong. while last weeks episode was thrilling because it had high pressure action in a single take, this episode is thrilling because it has high pressure action in several triple takes (three heart-pounding action scenes cutting back and forth between each other). additionally, after the events at the end of this episode, which more or less resolve a plot point the show has been building towards for the last season and a half, there are a lot of unanswered questions. i hope they answer at least some of them before the finale, rather than making us wait another season and a half before we reach them. i'm very excited to see where they go from here. proof that tv has surpassed film
 this episode, as well as last week's episode, is just more evidence that we are living in the golden age of television. films have held the reins for decades, but they simply cannot replicate what shows like mr. robot are doing more and more frequently. after the stunning episode that aired last week, the notion that the following one would top it didn't even enter my mind. that in itself probably had a role in how shocking the truths and revelations that came this week were. without saying too much, the final reveal was done superbly as to emulate how it would happen, and has happened, in the real world. sam esmail and mac quayle have throughout the show demonstrated how their creative genius combines so well, and no episode boasts this more than this one. so much so, that i feel confident saying that they're a greater partnership even than nolan and zimmer. there's simply so much more room in tv to build characters and stories, and esmail is certainly one of the best at this craft. i should also note the superb performances given by the cast; i was going to list individual performances but it would just end up being the whole cast. this is undoubtedly one of the greatest episodes of television of all time, and if the show continues down this route, it will certainly be remembered as one of the greatest, if that somehow isn't already the case. an hour of pure anxiety
 what can i say about this episode except for the fact this was a pure thrill ride from start to finish. after the path breaking "one take episode" we all thought how does one top that, but such is brilliance of the mr. robot writing team. kudos to mr. esmail who created such an immense take. this episode is everything, its answers so many questions and also raises a few.this episode is almost a thank you note, all that questions we had in season 2 and early season 3 is answered in a grand fashion. the very landscape of the series changes right here. this is perhaps the best episode i've seen (of any show) that is. the continues ominous tense music playing throughout. the whole battle of persona, the entire fbi hunt. the dark army angle everything fitting in just perfectly. and the ending of the episode, oh they ending... they've not only hit a home run, but has hit it so perfect the ball has gone in outer space. one of the greatest achievement on tv history
 previous episodes goes really under my skin. how can any tv series to be any better?
this is stunning even i watch this show third time now. i hate the fact this season didn't get any emmys or golden globes truly incredible!
 as last week's episode reached the peek of intensity, i didn't expect the following to be better than that, but this episode just went beyond. it all revolves around the stage 2: the fbi closing in to tyrell with darlene's help, and elliot races to stop the attack and battles mr. robot - building to this thrilling and heart-racing climax. i just can't wait to find out where it leads after this.great job, rami malek, this is just one of the best tv episodes i have seen lately. i love how season 3 is amazingly insane. this season 3 is going to have a good ending. om4g!! this episode! insane! rami's acting is spectacular. i've never wrote a review about an actor's job.
 10/10 watch the episode. this is probably one of the greatest episodes of tv history. a tv show that is not fantasy. a show that is based on possible ideas and it gets rated 10!! yes we love game of thrones and all imdb's top 10-100 shows but what are most of those shows? "back in 1800's" "dragons and fantasy" "crime and cops" right? well this is a genre of its own. literally what genre would you put this? what would you compare this show if you someone asked you, "what show is similar? appreciate it. love it. om4g!! this episode! insane! rami's acting is spectacular. i've never wrote a review about an actor's job. flawless
 this is definitely one of the of the best episodes of any tv shows i've ever seen in my entire life, and i guess it will stay like that for a very long time, cause nothing can beat that, sam ismael, rami malek, i love those guys, i swear of god it's not because we came from the same country (egypt), but c'mon, this show is like nothing else i've seen, and i've seen a lot believe me. it's original in every aspect, the directing and cinematography is outstanding, the commitment of the crew is unseen before, the acting is superior, also another amazing thing, is how stable the creators are on their original track, despite the unexpected fame they gained after the first season, they could have deviated very easily from their principles when they started this project together, but no, not theses guys, i love this episode soo much, i don't wanna ruin it for anyone, you just need to go and watch it(i guess you've seen the previous episodes and seasons or why else you're reading a preview of episode 6 at season 3), trust me you'll never regret it. guess i was wrong...
 this episode was the single greatest hour of tv i've ever watched. i thought "ozymandias" was the pinnacle. turns out i was wrong. the defining episode of mr. robot
 "kill process" is one of the most intense and thrilling episodes of any drama show i've ever seen. every character is affected by what's going on in the story, so the tension is high no matter who is being followed for any scene and the action never lets up for one second. from angela, to elliot, to darlene, to dom, to tyrell, the intensity continues to ramp up until the very end when it seems like elliot saves the day with no time left to spare. but the final realization at the end was what the episode was building up to. it's one of the most shocking twists in the entire series, and it shows just how evil and petty whiterose really is. i don't know what i saw
 just came here after watching this episode
i have not think that anything can top breaking bad...but this damn amazing everyone is confused or deceived including the audience
 mr. robot is basically the only interesting and good show i watch these days and it has not disappoint. even tho ep3.5 has made the story- line so complex that its just too much trouble to try to even understand. nothing is wat it seems and elliot could be mr. robot at anytime. the possibilities are limitless and there is a danger to being too fantastic and unrealistic of a show to be relevant. so far the show has maintained a somewat order but tonight it went out the window. im still very confused but perhaps that is the point. elliot and cast went thru all that trouble to stop a bomb that didn't mean anything and at the end 70 e corp bldgs still blow up. is elliot not the main characcter of the show? perhaps there is a bigger thing going on here that is beyond elliot and mr robot? also does mr robot intend to team up with elliot now since they both have been deceived? there are so many questions now cause of ep3.5 kill process but i have the utmost confidence in the show answering all the developing and twisting plot lines that they have created and destroyed. i like when story lines are deep but there is a danger of getting too deep and going too far with creativity. sometimes simple is better and deception is never a good idea unless there is a willingness of forgiveness on the audiences part. still deception is deception and nobody likes being lied to even if its for our own good and entertainment. good show overall nonetheless. i give much props to any show that gets me this riled up and thinking so hard about wat just happened and wats coming up next. keep rockin it steady yall, imdb style. amazing
 started with me nearly crying, kept me absolutely hooked for 40 minutes and ended with me gob smacked. that's the best tv program ie ever watched. one of the best tv episodes in history!
 oh gosh! i am not sure from where to start. back to back two incredible episodes! after watching the previous episode i wasn't expecting it. this one even surpassed the previous one.
this episode alone is a masterpiece. season 2 was such a disappointment but season 3 is slowly but affectively making up for it. what a cinematographic masterpiece
 i speechless, this the best use of cinematography and music i had seen and hear since the (1917)film.incredibly directed, your heart will keep beating fast after the end of it
full of tension, keeping you on the tip of your toes the whole time. wooooooow
 that was amazing ending the episode i now so many likes the anstracsion but in this series you have to open your mouth what a masterpiece!
 i was at the edge of my seat the whole time. they captured the corporate life so accurately and as usual, all their commands on the screen are as real as it gets. but above all is the acting and the story. wow! nbc / usa got it wrong
 tried to connect trump to china when nbc news tried to connect trump to russia. biden is china. a brutal, disturbing piece of art
 this is the first time since game of thrones' red wedding that something on a tv show has disturbed me so deeply. i genuinely do not feel okay after watching this episode. the reveal and denouement at the end of this episode is one of the most shocking things i have ever seen. normally there's some joy in the reveal of a twist, but this... this is just brutal. it's going to take me a while to recover.mind you, when i mention how disturbing and intense it is, i'm mostly talking about the ending. the majority of the episode takes the pace down a notch, instead luxuriating in the atmosphere and catching up with the characters in the aftermath of last episode's big event. angela is shell-shocked, elliot is madly searching for answers, dom realizes she's just a cog in the machine, and phillip finds himself backed into a corner. on paper it's quite slow, but in execution it's mesmerizing and powerful.but even as the episode takes the time to catch up with all the characters, it's already slowly building the tension and setting up the next phase of this story, which comes to a head at the end of this episode. i've already mentioned how surprising and disturbing it is, but it also didn't come out of nowhere; in retrospect there were a great many things setting it up earlier this season, lines from whiterose that now have new significance. there's also a very real (almost too real) layer of social commentary to it, making the whole thing all the more visceral.in summation, this is a stunning, brutal episode of mr. robot that will leave you drained, depressed, and even more amazed at the brilliance of this show. the true colors of the revolutions
 dark, intense and sad episode. we are seeing the consequences of first and second season. the photography of this episode is really great - no surprises here. a lot of theories (time travel, parallel universes) now bites the dust. all the characters are in a breakdown state. the show is being more realistic than ever. the greatest trick the devil ever pulled...
 it's gonna be hard for me to write this review. not because i don't know how i feel, this is a great episode. but i feel... i don't even know how to explain it. beginning of the episode i was bobbing my head to the knight rider theme song with a big grin on my face and by the end i was sat with my mouth gawped open and a vacant look in my eyes because i didn't quite know how to process what i had just seen. literally the whole way through i felt i was being broken down from the inside. elliot shutting down because he can't bear to say what he's done. tyrell finding out his wife is dead and that his child is going to be brought up in an alien environment unsure of their future. angela rewinding the tv so everyone would be okay. and the ending. i wanna be more original and think of other words to describe it but the only word that i can think of is disturbing. i don't think i have anything else to say, it's taken the most part of an hour to figure out what i've already written, i'm just winging it at this point. score time!(does a little score time dance) i'm gonna give this a 9.7/10. now i'm gonna go watch old cartoons to restore what little i had left of my innocence. mr. robot's darkest episode
 no one gets what they want except whiterose, who gets everything she wanted. that's my summary for this episode. every scene contains so much insight into the despair of all of our sympathetic characters, from angela, to mr. robot, to tyrell, and even to price. the tragedy of trenton and mobley is quite possibly the darkest thing the show has ever done and the scene where zhang slaps price's hand is maybe the best scene in the entire series for me. and dom realizing that whiterose must be behind every thing and that she won effortlessly is the perfect end to mr. robot's darkest episode (so far, at least). just wow
 this episode tops breaking bad in it's cinematography, also getting some great references to other films, like zero dark thirty or sicario. really, mr robot surprised me so damn much during the summer on its first season, and then each episode took it on a higher level. sam esmail wrote a damn good screenplay, and delivers it even better. it's so complex and then so easily comprehensive. genius sad and beautiful
 again, sam esmail brings us an amazing mr.robot episode. was toned down a notch, not as good as the other two episodes, but still a 10/10 from me. the opening credits alone left me so hyped for the episode, and i was as hyped when it ended as i was when it started. the cinematography was, again, with no surprise, excellent. the soundtrack was beautiful and the climax of the episode was sad and depressing. it has come the time for me to say this show has surpassed game of thrones. in my opinion, it has more to offer as an experience and if you liked breaking bad, which i love, you're gonna love mr.robot. you can tell sam esmail got inspired by breaking bad when making this show, and even he said brba was his favorite show. getting a bit off topic now, but overall, this episode has a lot to offer, and it's the perfect episode to follow up the two masterpieces that were episode 5 and 6. not as good as breaking bad but it works
 great episode into a good a season ... just perfect.. i've watched the entire series in 5 days and now i can say that this show is among the best ones that i ever seen .. if breaking bad didn't exist i think this would go for my top 1 drama and you guys know when people say that something is almost as good as breaking bad its because its really good :pi cant talk about this episode without talking the previous ones ... its so good .. intense ...the acting is stunning ... and the story-line its impressive a solid 9/10 if u miss breaking bad watch mr robot its not the same but it works fine to maybe the best tv episode i've ever seen
 an unexpected and beautiful change of pace. brilliantly written and acted, and technically superb. i can't believe the perfection of what i just watched.
rather than giving this a miss - as some reviewers have suggested - i would say that this episode stands alone as a great story and work of art - something that could be appreciated by someone who hasn't even seen the rest of the series.
this episode particularly brought out the underlying themes of mr robot - which can occasionally get lost in all the action. some of the scenes were so loaded with amazing images and metaphor... they took my breath away.
yes, i loved the previous episodes too - but we need light and shade!
just wonderful. don't miss it! teaching hollywood screen players how to screenplay.
 it is really interesting how on point the screenplay is on the series, i didn't find any reviews about this, so im pointing some stuff out. the whole series uses a peculiar style of screenplay managing the rule of thirds and montage in a different but efficient way, so it make sense along the diegesis of the show. but not for this episode though.we been watching the whole series in 16:9 aspect ratio. little eliot finds himself in the cinema watching a movie about to start, right after his father died. and just as it says in that movie, "sit back, relax and enjoy the show". the movie starts, and everything from now on, is in 2.40:1 aspect ratio. but not only that, also the way the screenplay is managed is actually like a movie (we have the natural rule of thirds applied to all conversations in this episode). its been converted into a cinematic style. and the most important thing is that it makes sense. this is a "redemption" episode, everything is fkt up inside the show to a critical point. the series of events that happened are a whole drama, then shot as an actual drama. so lets carve in the dramatic cinematic style into the episode with a hell of a smooth transition from a critical point in the show to another. the rest of the episode screenplay is traditional screenplay with justification, little bit of a paradox right there. an absolutely memorable episode
 i watched this entire series a few months ago. i love it. but this episode spoke such high volumes while being so simple and slow. of the entire show thus far, this is the episode i think about frequently. to the point that i thought today, "i want to rewatch that episode where elliot goes to the movies." it's so moving and rami malek proves again that he was meant for this character and this show was meant for him.this episode alone is plenty reason to say mr. robot is one of the best and most original television shows to exist today. simply amazing
 i don't usually (possibly ever) do reviews but i had to for this. this episode was one of, if not, the greatest piece in television history. do yourself a favor and don't listen to the only person on here that gave this episode less than an 8. sit down, watch and enjoy every second. depression, guilt, but hope at the end
 a great episode for me. after seeing angela breaking down in the last episode, here is the aftermath to elliot, and a development for his next move. this episode takes completely in a different approach from other mr. robot episodes but this is just out of the world.everything is slow, deep and touching, with a meaning thoroughly expressed through the episode. it's exactly what the show needs sometimes. i have to say that the acting here is at its best, especially for rami malek and portia doubleday. when elliot cried whole world cried
 most beautiful episode even seen ..
rami malek you are amazing this episode is everything that mr robot needed and more.
 i honestly never thought something like this would be possible out of mr robot, a show where you never really understood how people are feeling. it's not like any other mr robot episode because here, the viewers get to experience exactly that, and what an experience it is. catharsis can be a wonderful thing. the most beautiful tv episode in history.
 i can not believe what i've just seen. it didn't feel like a tv series at all. i can not understand how someone would rate this episode below 10. i don't consider myself a fanboy of this show, but i simply can not give this episode an 8, or a 9. this is 10 right here. this is possibly the most beautiful episode i've ever seen. ever. but don't worry, it's not a case of style over substance. not at all. the beautiful cinematography comes paired with a fantastic episode of self discovery. mr.robot has surpassed every expectation i ever even dreamed of. sam esmail did it again, this episode was beautiful, sad, happy, and everything more.
i have seen people angry, complaining that this episode was filter. that simply doesn't click in my mind. this episode was absolutely necessary. another masterpiece by sam esmail and another 10 from me. beautiful
 this episode is all about grief. people process their grief in different ways, and we get to see a handful of people do that here. it was a truly memorable episode for me. it made me think of a time in my life when i was in grief... episode kept me hooked even though not much happened in it!
 attention to detail of this series is so great that it really impressed me. the best season yet!!!!
 mr. robot is an underrated gem of a show. sam esmail is a master at creating great cinema like moments which are better than most movies that come out today, we witnessed some really great and ultra-intense scenes in the last three episodes and this was a much needed break. this was different than the other episodes which are so out of the box and unique than anything we have seen elsewhere, but episodes like this show that elliot is a human like all of us and when he goes through tough times, he copes with it similarly like we all do, by talking to his family and friends (making some new ones in this case!). lastly, everyone is talking about stranger things while i am sitting here trying to contemplate how awesome this season has been for mr. robot. seriously this season has been totally legendary. definitely one of the best tv-series i have ever watched!!! the power of music!
 every now and again, not often but at times you experience something quite unique. a soundtrack to your life, memories and the universe around you. a feeling that you've been here before in your dreams and your childhood. thank you mr robot one of the most beautiful pieces of television ever made
 i needed this. for most people this episode is probably just a comedown from the last 3 episodes but for people like me, people who've been where elliot is in this episode it's so much more. from elliot wiping his files through to when he sits on the beach at coney island this episode feels like such a defeat, and then trenton's brother comes and sits with him and it's as if this light shone in the dark. from the foreshadowing of using the future to change the past to the ice cream truck playing war of the worlds this episode isn't about a defeat, it's about hope and perseverance. it may not be the tense, action packed thriller that the previous few episodes have been but this makes up for all of that with raw emotion. i actually can't decide what i want to rate this one but it's in the high 9s, for me at least. oh and if you're reading this, i hope you have a great day :) absolutely phenomenal episode - also some comments on other reviews
 what a gorgeous episode, absolutely beautiful in every way. this episode slows everything down from the last few episodes in the best way, we get to go on this small journey with elliot, seemingly at least a little bit disjointed from the rest of the overarching plot, the acting, the cinematography, the music, the directing, the everything, mr. robot does it again, and that aspect ratio.. ooh boy. another fantastic installment of tv's best series. cannot wait to see where this goes.also, to the guy who's commenting on the "screenplay" you're talking about the cinematography, the screenplay is the script, also this majority of this episode is in 2.35:1 not 2.40:1, and just because the rest of the show isn't shot like this doesn't mean it's not shot like an "actual drama", they just break the rules haha and to the guy who said the story in this episode "wasn't really relevant" did we watch the same episode? yes it was slower, yes it wasn't on the scale of the previous 3 episodes, but it shouldn't have been, it's a character episode, we learn so much about the characters and about where they all are psychologically right now, how you could think anyone should skip this episode... if you only want big buildings blowing up and tyranny in the streets you may want to find another show, this is a character drama, this was a beautiful character episode a needed recovery
 the last three episodes of mr. robot were so damn intense that i'm not surprised or disappointed that this episode slowed things down to a crawl. frankly, it was needed after the traumatic event that was last episode. there were a couple of moments that felt somewhat melodramatic to me, but i think they were earned by the last three. and while the episode hardly advanced the plot at all, it did provide plenty of surreal imagery to chew on.to me, the most interesting scene in the episode was the opening flashback, which showed a truly heartbreaking interaction between young elliot and his father. for me, the emotion was slightly undercut by the recasting of young elliot (i really liked the first one), but the scene still worked because of christian slater's fantastic performance. the scene also reveals that elliot's alternate personalities date back further than we thought. my personal theory is that he created mr. robot either right before or right after falling out the window, in order to cope.most of the episode focuses on elliot bonding with trenton's little brother, who tags along unwanted with him. it's a rocky relationship, which forces elliot to confront his own issues until he can learn to forgive himself and angela. some aspects struck me as a little cliché (especially given the show's outside the box nature), but they worked fine in context and were elevated by the excellent actors and direction.in short, the episode provides an interesting emotional journey for elliot with negligible plot advancement but some neat surreal imagery and a much-needed break from the intensity of the last three. the best episode i have seen. wow!
 if you missed this episode you missed the best episode of the series so far. after everything that has happened so far this episode takes you to another level. some of the best acting i have ever seen. the writers of created a masterpiece worthy of numerous awards. character depth goes to another level and reveals more than we previously knew. one of the show's best episodes
 the way this episode deals with the aftermath of the previous episodes, gives insight on elliot's mindset, and is filled to the brim with emotional character moments is truly awe-inspiring. the more cinematic look also helps differentiate it from the rest of the episodes, and makes it feel like something completely unique. this episode is important
 something struck me deeply during this episode. the commentary behind a depressive mind and the detail behind ones thought process throughout this episode is poetic and undoubtedly accurate.
some will claim this episode as nothing more than a filler but i disagree. i mean, the series display of mental health throughout the seasons has beautifully captured just how, for lack of a better word: hellish it is to operate through daily functions.
this episode was a tipping point for elliot and all that has happened so far.
the episode plays like talking someone down off the ledge and moved me to tears by the end of it. i just finished the episode and felt compelled to write this down for people to see.
just beautiful television. this show surpasses what story telling can accomplish. the amount of passion and effort behind this entire production is something that will go down in television history as one of the greats. can not wait to keep watching. brilliant acting, writing and cinematography
 this is one is a must watch. a good story surfaces when the characters bond deeply with each other. and this is the episode where it hits straight in the heart. loved it. this series is completely outstanding and this episode is another proof of it
 this is the first episode of this series that made me cry. everything is absolutely perfect... the shooting, the acting, the soundtrack (the music at the end is still playing in my head).rami malek and sam esmail are  geniuses. the best episode yet!
 this was amazing, powerful, emotional; perfect. i absolutely loved this episode! opinion
 there is a special realation accomplished between eliot and the black created the orignal of him and that's all about his problems and now he is in a position to handel his problems or give up and serrender to death. loved it!!!!
 i started watching mr robot as some series which deals with hacking genre..
but coming this far, this episode is so much amazing as if you are really enjoying with elliot
seeing this episode, i literally feel happy and excited as it shows some different side of elliot which we do not see regularly..
definitely a rewatchable episode😍
hope so something exciting is coming as i will progresses futher😇 masterpiece!!!
 brilliant episode! a very powerful and emotional recovery from the tragedy of the previous two episodes. *don't delete* . goddamn it i cried again . the most beautiful episode of this series so far
 this entire episode from the beginning until the end is so beautiful. from elliot's flashback with his father going to the movie, that trenton's little brother spent the entire day with elliot that made him didn't need the morphine he bought, to his dialogue with angela talking about their childhood. you can connect the dots.the episode is about *don't delete*. it could be about anything like deleting some of your personality (mr. robot), deleting some of your mental memories (disposal of elliot father's jacket), or physical memories (computer files). elliot's monologue about "are you sure?" dialogue popped out when you are trying to delete some files is also relateable. betrayals, revelations, and a giant cliffhanger; everything you could want from a penultimate episode.
 i have no idea what's going to happen next... and i love it! this episode takes all the story lines and converges them into one giant cliffhanger. and because it's telling one long story that was originally going to be a movie, i know things probably won't return to normal after the finale... which makes the situation at the end of this episode all the more terrifying.when i actually look back on the scenes that were in the episode, i realize that it mostly just consisted of characters talking with little direct tension. in fact, most of the tension in this episode arises more from the fact that the state of the story is in flux, meaning everything that happens is unpredictable, and each new character dynamic could have grave significance. for example, the scene that plays out in multiple segments throughout the episode with elliot, price, and tyrell; these three characters will be very influential on the future of the story, so to find out where they stand on each other and recent events is gripping.it would be a little misleading to say that the episode has a "twist", but it certainly had a lot of shifts and revelations, particularly surrounding character intentions. all of the pieces move around the chessboard until they align in a way that leaves several characters in major danger and the future of the story deeply uncertain. i both look forward to and dread next week. the board is set.
 the fact this is one of the weakest of the season is a testament to how amazing this show has been for the last 9 weeks. throughout this whole season elliot has been back and forth setting up plans for the dark army as mr robot only to tear them down when he's in his right mind but now there are no shades of grey, only black and white. elliot and co. versus the dark army. i couldn't help but think of the avengers when elliot was going around rallying the troops to fight the ultimate evil like some socially awkward hacker nick fury, difference is elliot thinks he's got them dancing to his tune as his master plan unfolds but it's the complete opposite. elliot and darlene are in danger! and the worst part is they don't even know it. i'm equal parts excited and scared for next week and i'm gonna give this episode a 9.1/10. thanks for reading and have a fine morning, day and night. the big picture
 there is a lot of plot development in this episode, in contrast to the last episode with almost zero plot development.this is more of a synopsis than a review, i hope you forgive me and find it useful!first, elliot and darlene decide to hack the fbi (to access cryptographic keys). darlene insists on leading this mission. she goes "all-in" to get access to dominique's fbi security badge. there are really great scenes in a bar and at the fed's apartment (scenes with darlene and dominique). eventually, darlene gains access to that fbi badge but is caught in the act and gets sent to jail for hacking a federal agent.interestingly, darlene seemed prepared to be caught -- a real trooper for the cause. there is a great interrogation scene with darlene (the hacker) and dominique (the fed) where "dom" becomes suspicious of her own boss (who we, the audience, knows is working with dark army).unfortunately for darlene, the dark army learns that she is being held captive, and they have an operative (irving) in position to eliminate her. the episode ends without any resolution for darlene (cliffhanger)!meanwhile, the "real" elliot meets angela who is still convinced "everything will be okay." elliot asks about the "big picture" and angela tells him only whiterose can explain that. they both encounter dark army escort joey bada$$, but ironically/sadly angela jumps to the conclusion that elliot is working against her (when, in fact, he is attempting to meet whiterose *exactly* like she suggested).well, angela runs away from elliot swearing she will never give him anymore info while mr.bada$$ takes the "real" elliot to meet with the dark army. elliot doesn't get to see whiterose directly, but only his/her subordinate (grant). in the process, the dark army "confiscates" elliot's laptop and becomes infected. at the end of the episode, elliot has (or at least believes he has) access to dark army's global computer network due to his hack..."meanwhile" -- this seems to be a past memory of elliot -- mr. robot visits tyrell and a physical fight breaks out between them after mr. robot mentions the death of tyrell's wife (joanna). before either man can beat the crap out of the other, we (the audience) get a surprise visit from mr. price of evil corp.price tells tyrell that he (tyrell) will be the new cto of e.corp but will have no real power. price also tells mr. robot that his actions were expected... in short, "powerful" men (like price) were always in control and "lesser" men (like mr. robot) were merely acting as pawns -- the big picture.in summary, this episode had a lot of plot development and some nice character development. it is a cliffhanger, especially for darlene. (elliot and mr.robot are still uncertain, but this is nothing new since season 1.) finally, angela is a wild-card... she is way-out there! shutdown +1
 watched this episode week before my father died. at a time when i've seen it for the first time it made unimaginable impact of me. you see, for many years i didn't had good relations with him. he was abusive, often vile, but below it, below under all those layers of fears, of failures, was a heart of a broken man. i yearned all my life for father that was capable of love, and i lacked true forgiveness in face of my own cruelty. yesterday he died, and i never got to say how sorry i was. in all my life i never faced a tv show that was able to show that yearning one have for long passed days of peace and warmth. because of this episode i'll always remember him, and when winters pass of my life, and he fades into blurred memory, i'll see this episode again, and will know what i regret. that is the unforgiving value of this tv show, its cruel beyond belief, its open, its true, its human, its us. many times in my life i would think to myself that i had no reason to live, yet i'm grateful to have been witness of such majestic broken story, the best i've seen in my life so far. thank you mr. robot! <3 the grandest stage
 mr robot's third season was as close to perfect as tv gets. every frame, dialogue, facial expression from the season finale is absolute masterclass. can't imagine how great the series finale will be! perfect - an amazing end to an amazing season
 this season... god, this season is probably now my favorite season of any tv show, ever. there's literally nothing i thought was slightly underwhelming, or could have been done in a way that definitely would have been better. i have zero issues with it. season 3 of mr. robot was a masterpiece.in this finale, everything works. the acting, the directing, the music, the way that it's shot, everything just works to flawnessness.i am so glad that i was there, in the year 2017, to witness the art that was the third season of mr. robot. i don't know if i'm ever going to see anything like it again.10/10. terrifying, satisfying, and utterly unpredictable; a beyond phenomenal finale.
 i have never been more scared for the fate of characters than i was in the first two-thirds of this episode. season three has already shown the dark army brutally and remorselessly murdering two beloved characters, not to mention thousands of unnamed e-corp employees, so when this episode put three of our main characters in the line of fire, i was completely convinced that some of them were going to die. it's such a rare thing to find a show that manages to give everyone a compelling arc without giving anyone plot armour, yet that's what this episode does so effortlessly. i did not see a single part of this conclusion coming, but in retrospect it all connects and makes perfect sense. this is the sort of television that only comes around once in a very long while, and i'm so glad i was here to witness it.it is important to note, while it takes up most the runtime, the harrowingly tense and completely unpredictable sequence i've been talking about is by no means the only part worth discussing. the episode has several big reveals (each of which i saw coming, but were no less satisfying for it), some beautiful interplay between elliot and mr. robot, and another fantastic post-credits scene. this is the first time that i've come out of a mr. robot finale elated and deeply satisfied rather than angry and confused. for once, things were left in a way where i feel okay leaving them for a year. best tv episode ever
 just finished this third time. this series, this season, this very episode is as good as for example best episodes at game of thrones, westworld, breaking bad. recommend this for everyone. one of the greatest achievement on tv history. period wowwwwwwwwwwww don't miss
 do not miss this awesome show. what the.......
if you haven't start watching,do it today this shoe is not going down
 this show is keeping its pace up
the show which gets better through every season , i read somewhere that how can such quality script they can accommodate in a tv series , it's like watching a really scripted movie which just get better every hour
i'm can't give more star than 10/10 but once you feel mr. robot you'll appreciate it's every detail like acting , direction , location , characters .
you can't put this show in here anyway amazing
 "i did it in one night..it take you a month
that's what make me expectional"
truly masterpiece incredibly crafted to leave everybody with a teasing end.
 this season finale was as pleasingly as calming as aggressively moving the starting of the was. everyone got some sort of closure, to move along with their life, yet the post-tragedy trauma was visibly printed on everyone's face.from cinematography to background score, from acting to direction everything was synchronous with the events of fictitiously encrypted world of mr. robot. amazing season finale
 oh boy, here we go again. the wait starts.
sam esmail delivered again, another absolute masterpiece coming to tv.
many actors and characters surprised me including portia doubleday, joey bada$$ and bobby cannavale. 
i could not ask for a better season finale, honestly. we got some nice revelations and some depressing moments, and all of it was flawless.
keep them coming sam. hands down to the best tv show of all time!
 that was the most tense episode i have ever seen in my life. not even breaking bad's ozymandias made me feel so helpless. perfectly directed and acted, the music super-b as always and an unpredictable plot that changed the game for every character of the series.we all know now that the bigger plans of whiterose envolves manipulate time and space. angela was indeed right, and not as crazy as her father philip price is making she believe and its made clear that the part of irving is way bigger than we all predicted.now there's room for a terrific fourth season and i really hope it keeps as brilliant as the previous seasons were.10/10 for the whole season the finale we hoped for!
 wow! this was all i wanted, with all the speculations going on that darlene's gonna die had me a bit concerned. but hats off to sam esmail. this is my first ever review or rather just 2 paragraphs dedicated to praising sam esmail for the phenomenal job that he has done this season. not only did this finale manged to give a great throwback to season 1 (the train sequence), but also it finally made sense of all the back to the future references that were highlighted this entire season.
 
it starts off with dark army trying to find elliot which succeeds in building a tension throughout the whole episode. it is followed by a series of groundbreaking revelations and one in particular, about angela. i did not see that coming and the way that soundtrack progresses had me on the edge of my seat the whole time. and that the scene was merged with the entire barn scene with elliot trying to threaten and then negotiate with dark army just worked flawlessly. irving had one the best character redemptions that i have seen in a long while. it raised many questions about how dom's character is going to be portrayed in season 4 after all she has been through. (yes! we are getting a season 4!). 
overall this was the most satisfying and shocking finale. and also bravo to usa for having faith in esmail and his vision. with the ratings suffering a tremendous low this year, usa was bold to renew it. if this show doesn't get at least 10 emmys i am shouting 'this is what democracy looks like' on the emmy carpet lmao. ps: that superman scene was just brilliant xd this will get easier to live with
 i really wanted to put this final episode off as long as possible, or at least until the air date for season 4 is announced, but yesterday the conditions suited getting hyped up, without distractions, to finish the season. i first have to commend sam esmail for the quality of the show as a whole and specifically the consistency of it. there isn't one 'bad' episode that comes to mind and from the beginning of season 2 they have been pushing a perfect 10/10 rating at several points. season 3 has certainly kept up its game, with stand-out episodes like the 'one-shot' one and the one with elliot and the young boy. the story has been progressing in a way that feels natural while simultaneously upping the stakes slowly to build to a climax. this season, this climax involves elliot and darlene trying to undo the original hack, against whiterose and the dark army's mission to eliminate their enemies and move their projects to the congo. to add to that there's the unresolved subplots of angela's time-distorted sanity, philip price and e corp's fallout with whiterose, dom's investigation versus her boss' manipulations, and the outcome of the fighting between elliot and mr. robot. all in all, sounds like the makings for an incredible season finale, right? and they provided one... for the most part.i'm not saying i disliked this episode - far from it. so i can talk about everything i loved, i'll get through my slight problems first to get it out of my mind. the way i see it, they shot themselves in the foot a bit, building everything up to such a huge extent that it literally turned into guns to peoples heads, screaming, crazy monologues, you name it. as such, the writers have forced us to actually fear for the lives of the main characters, especially since each of them end up in some state of capture in this episode. all that build-up, seemingly no way out, the chance for them to prove just how high the stakes actually were... and then they cop out with reasons that don't particularly make much sense. dom is all but dead, yet irving kills santiago instead. fine, but i don't believe irving would hesitate for a second after dom says she wouldn't work for him - you can even see that he's surprised that he even has to remind her that they could kill her entire family, i don't see why irving wouldn't question her loyalty still, especially compared to santiago's loyalty. sure, they'd already made plans to bring her in by finding out about her family, but how did they know that santiago would end up bringing her? i have more issue with leon killing the other dark army agents and grant killing himself instead of darlene dying, however. in order for that to happen, it would have all had to be arranged beforehand by whiterose, even though its pretty ridiculous at this point that she would trust elliot - who clearly has nothing and was just trying to save the life of his sister - and yet not trust grant enough, despite their being lovers, to fill him in on her intentions? why has leon been informed, but not the other dark army men there? she just lost about four good men when they wouldn't have needed to die after one word of clarification from whiterose. her being elusive and unpredictable in this episode literally only damages herself and loses her loyal men, just so the audience can think for a second that darlene might actually die. i was also not a fan of the cheesy ending, complete with stereotypical pop song.however, with all that said, it doesn't detract from the undeniable quality of the episode on the technical side, nor how entertaining it is. there are plenty more great character moments and captivating pieces of dialogue than plot-holes. the performances are all great, especially from bobby cannavale as irving, who has been one of the best aspects of this season, and grace gummer's dom. i've been really blown away by the development of angela in this season, her mental spiral has been perfectly paced and i love the concept of her becoming increasingly deluded that time is non-linear. i think that as an idea is something that is incredibly interesting, and quite unique given that media messes up normal, 'simple' time travel concepts. it completely makes sense, too, given, angela's opinion of whiterose, and the latter's clear opinion of time. though we don't see any action or catalyst to leave some room for interpretation in this manner, and are instead given a vindication of angela and philip's relationship (i thought they wouldn't do it, but he literally says 'i am your father'), i can't help but see a missed opportunity. it's a little strange that angela would instantly turn on whiterose to help philip, also.in the grand scheme of things, i can't complain about this episode really, and certainly not the whole season. i have faith that esmail knows what he is doing and has great things planned for season 4, which i eagerly await the announcement of. this episode connects the whole season
 first season was a bit kitsch (i am not sure if i articulated well, there maybe a better word), although i liked it. because every thing looks comfortable. second season was a bit boring to me that nothing much happened. third season becomes very interesting and this episode showed that it was well orchestrated. for instance, chang (the boyfriend) was jealous of elliot (one scene in 3rd season somewhere shows that chang said to whiterose that he can handle the situation better). also, some where in 3rd episode showed a flashback that phillip made contract with allsafe because of angele when phillip has to appoint tyrell as cto and tyrell was questioning phillip' decision. this episode tells why. it was good. season 3 review
 review by kamal kmr. robot's third season was its best. it moved with the momentum and confidence that made season one such a hit, with the stronger character development that had marked season two. in season three, when a random associate of elliot alderson's was threatened, it felt queasier, or when two of the supporting cast members hooked up, it felt more thrilling. moments of brilliance hidden away under general mediocrity (okay i changed my mind later on)
 let's get this straight. i love mr. robot. i love the style, the music, the acting, the story. season 3 in particular has been a blast to watch, and reaches heights the show has never even come close to reaching in the past. yet as this season has come to an end it almost feels as if the direction of the show has teetered off a bit. the season peaked in episodes 5,6,7 and then dwindled down into a fairly predictable and bland last few episodes. considering the critical perception behind the finale i was expecting something pretty mind blowing but i ended up feeling fairly underwhelmed.i did enjoy "shutdown -r " as a whole and it wasn't difficult to watch. it still had the show's usual great directing, acting and cinematography, even if it wasn't the most flashy episode in any of those aspects. but the plot and story structure is the most inconsistent part of the show as a whole and that's where i found issue with a lot of this episode.so the general plot of this episode is that the stakes are at an all time high - all the characters we care about are in danger and the resolution to that is that everyone is being brought to the safe houses' barn, presumably to be killed. it is nice to see all the major characters (excluding tyrell, but we'll get to him later) interact and be in the same room, though for this show it felt oddly out of character. maybe this is just personal taste but it just felt all too convenient and simple to have the main action take place in this setting. also the "setting" of a barn is fairly bland and mostly uninteresting and ended up taking away from lots of the tension this episode tried to build up.let's move onto the fbi. this is the part of the episode that i thought was handled the best. the sheer hatred the viewer has for santiago for being a mole is massively turned on it's head when we see the exact same thing happen to dom, and we realise that all of our hatred was misplaced. dom's general development across the season has been great but i think that her new status really put santiago's character into perspective and developed him despite him being brutally murdered (which at first seemed satisfying but now after we learn what likely happened to him seems much more horrific). sam esmail was extremely clever with how he portrayed this whole "mole" situation and it didn't feel like he was just reusing his same bag of tricks that he always uses.however one of the more confusing parts of the episode for me was everything going on with grant/whiterose/irving. whiterose is a great villain who barely had any presence in this episode- and her whole romance with grant seems very much underdeveloped and really took away from the twist at the end. it didn't seem all that shocking that whiterose would dispose of grant considering the viewer doesn't really know whether whiterose truly trusts him- and their love for each other is similarly underdeveloped. before this we've only really had one scene exploring their romance and before that he only seemed like an assistant of some sort. grant is probably one of the least interesting characters on the show to me. irving has been a great character this season and he was good again this episode- although his reveal that he was once with whiterose seemed to come out of nowhere.let's move onto the main action point of the episode; the barn shootout/price's reveal. i've already spoken about the barn being a fairly dry and uninteresting setting to have this big event take place in- it didn't seem very mr. robot at all. yet this episode did create a generally tense and exciting atmosphere at times. but when i think back, episode 2.8 used a very similar technique with the same soundtrack and was much more effective in creating atmosphere and tension. this episode felt like it was trying to recreate the closing scene from that one, and it felt much less purposeful. the decision to contrast the reveal of price being angela's father with elliot/darlene about to be executed is baffling. both moments could be great on their own, but each constantly swapping between each other just took away a lot of tension, especially in the price/angela section. how am i supposed to care about price being angela's father when two of the show's most important characters are seconds from death? elliot's last minute plea to help whiterose move her project to the congo quicker also seemed way too easy to me. i imagine this sequence will lose its effect on rewatch because ultimately it didn't amount to anything particularly interesting. and i don't like to go on about killing off characters; but come on man! don't become game of thrones mr. robot. characters died in this episode but not any main characters and it somewhat bugged me and generally felt too plot-armoury to me. especially darlene, who i love, but who's time as a character feels like it's been running out since the start of this season. i was sure she was going to die when her and elliot made the "revenge" deal, but i guess the show kind of forgot about a lot of things that happened this season, which is especially out of character for sam esmail who's attention to detail is part of the reason i got hooked on the show. but something else the show kind of forgot was what to do with certain characters, especially tyrell.tyrell's lack of appearance in this episode is telling. i may be wrong by the next season but it definitely feels like esmail ran out of ideas for him, and because of that reason i thought his time was also up. but similarly to darlene he's still just hanging about. maybe esmail has a plan for all the characters he kept around in season 4, and i bloody well hope he does because at times it honestly seemed like very little planning and thought went into the majority of the characters' conclusion this episode.following the focal point of the episode, we get a couple more scenes to finish off, which make it very clear that esmail is doing a "reset" and that this final season will mirror season 1 in a lot of ways. the scene with elliot and mr. robot mirrored season 1 in an especially obvious way, and while many people loved that scene i found it quite cheesy and forgettable. but the fact that they are on the same side is an interesting plot point and i'm admittedly intrigued to see what they do with it in season 4. vera's return feels very odd, though i imagine esmail wouldn't bring him back without a plan in mind. the idea of reversing the hack is something i have mixed feelings on though i can't really comment on it until i see what they do with it.i know i've given a lot of complaints about the episode's story- though a lot of it really comes down to personal taste over all else. for me this episode didn't feel like mr robot at all. this show has always struggled with finales- season 1's is very much a segway into season 2 and season 2's is confusing as all hell. but at least those two finales still felt like mr. robot. this episode in turn makes the previous episode feel all the more rushed. season 4 has got glowing reviews, so i'm still hyped, but the best season of this show has one of the most disappointing episodes too.edit: on second watch i found this finale much more profound and it did a great job at rounding off this brilliant season. i'm still sitting here...
 wow. that's honestly all i can say this point. one of the best premieres i have ever seen from a tv show. the pacing in the episode is remarkable, it keeps you intrigued throughout. rami malek showed off his acting chops yet again. cinematography was flawless and mac quayle can do no wrong. no spoilers here, just watch the episode and enjoy a near perfect primiere. what?!?!
 i thought i was ready for this episode. i really did. i rewatched the whole series in preparation, and i've spent months poring over the trailers and considering every possible direction this could go. but man... this episode is crazy. it's violent, meta, shocking, and melancholic.the ending and the beginning both blur the line between what is part the show and what isn't; similar to eps2.7, there is a seamless transition from the recap into the show, so that it's started before you've even realized it. and then, pretty much straight out of the gate, sam presents us with a shocking scene that leaves you reeling for most of the rest of the episode. luckily, the middle portion of the episode isn't too crazy; it has some fun stylistic flourishes, but for the most part it's a pretty straightforward depiction of elliot's war against the dark army. there's some great tension and a few surprises, but by the end of the episode the viewer has mostly recovered - so esmail rips the rug out from under us yet again.i adore this show, and this has to be one of my favorite episodes. it's definitely my favorite season premiere; usually the episodes of this caliber are reserved for a little further down the line. i can't wait to find out what other gifts sam has got in store for us. amazing return
 the very first scene was so mind blowing it's like the series hasn't gone anywhere for the past 2 years. this was exactly what i hoped the season premier would be and more. and sam esmail's cameo at the end was brilliant. the end
 i will probably come back to re-edit this review because i'm still processing this episode. everything from the directing, writing, cinematography, acting, score, and overall delivery felt flawless and breathtaking. the entire episode felt like a roller coaster but one that just drops without warning. the beginning sequence and ending one are pure jaw droppers with one of them keeping your heart in an accelerated, constant motion. i certainly can't wait for the final episodes. 9.8 storytelling at its best
 this show takes my breath away. every scene is so well thought out and the cinematography is on par with a motion picture. the shooting angles and the lighting really catch your eye. the acting is incredible. my favorite characters are of course rami malek as elliot, christian slater as mr robot, and shayla, price, and bobby canavale. rami malek shows again why he is an emmy and academy award winner. every emotion and line that he delivers feels real and natural. he doesnt even seem to be acting. the music that is chosen is eclectic and sometimes off the wall but really fits the mood of the scene. the script by sam esmail is brilliant. i cannot wait for the rest of the season but i don't want it to end. like nothing else
 i love this show even though i'm rarely 100% sure i know what's going on, but i understand enough to know that this show is too clever and too brilliantly written for anyone to try and copy it after it ends. i'm sure after the finale i'll have to google "mr robot ending explained". it's up to sam esmail to give us the next strange, compelling, must watch tv, because no-one else can at the moment. now this is series of a year
 this episode is the best since...mr robot final episode in season 3. this is some serious stuff here! worth waiting, and esmail, cast and others made huge effort to make this happen. insanely good episode, maybe the best mr.robot episode to date. every second matters, every moment have that thrill, that threatning atmosphere: beginning scene with angela was very beautiful...until it is'nt.
that dipierro scene in front of her house...oh my god, that was a creepy one!
everybody acted like their life depends on it. ubelievable, stunning episode, witch reminds me very much of a show breaking bad: every detail matter.
no show cannot be better than this. goodbye friend
 sam esmail continues to successfully break walls and create subtle yet unsettling metas leaving us craving for more.mr robot is back, but it feels entirely different. as if we're now in mr. robot's head, not in elliot's. the whole cinematography seems much more calm, yet chaotic in ways.
loneliness, anxiety, self-confidence, ruins, death-wish and so much more was portrayed magically throughout the entire episode. the bar has been set high and i can't wait to see what's to come next! another masterpiece
 this episode is another brilliant addition to the show, which itself is a massive achievement in directing, writing, editing, acting, cinematography, etc. this episode stands out to me because it plays the tone of horror and despair to convey the situation these characters are in. another reason this one stands out is because nearly every actor had their shining moment, and it never felt corny or forced like all the emmy-bait shows. i'm really sad and excited at the same time, and i really cannot wait to see what comes next. i want the dark army to feel some of that retribution angela was talking about. welcome back, mr alderson.
 what a premiere. from the opening scene with angela and philip to the cliffhanger this was exemplary. of all the characters in all the ways it could have happened i could never have seen those first few minutes going down the way they did. one of the most powerful moments in recent years of the silver screen. the scene with elliot and freddy lomax from beginning to end was perfection and mr robot to the core. the cinematography as always was top notch, some really creative choices, particularly when elliot falls into the honeypot and then the overdose. really not much to complain about here. sam esmail, mac quayle and the whole cast and crew are truly firing on all cylinders. i can't wait to see how this final season unfolds. 9.7/10. goodbye friend. one of the best premiers i've seen
 this one hour episode was intense and a few parts of episodes even shocked me too. can't wait for the other episodes! wow
 it's crazy i'm excited it was pleasantly juicy and ramy's acting was very beautiful as usual incredible. must see
 i don't know if it would have the same impact on new viewers without context, but jesus christ. first episode was intense. after a last season that definitely ended on a dark and sour note, season four plunges us into deep peril straight away. i genuinely felt scared throughout like i was watching something dangerous. like the dark army were about to get me if i kept watching. all bets were off and the fates of every character were up in arms. i'm glued. welcome back indeed, mr robot. best premiere
 amazing. it blew up at the start and didn't stop till the end. you won't want to blink during that episode. just watch it